What is the direction of rotation of earth on its axis ?	West to East				
what is the full form of WTO?	World Trade Organization				
what is the full form of SEBI?	Securities and Exchange Board of India				
Who in India is the supreme commander of armed forces?	President				
Who was the first Indian Prime Minister to resign from office?	Morarji Desai				
Through which amendment 'Right to Property' was made a legal right?	th Amendment				
An instrument used for measuring the strength of electric current?	Galvanometer.				
Which is the fastest animal on earth?	Cheetah				
When did India became republic?					
Which is the highest civillian award in India?	Bharat Ratna.				
what is the full form of HTTP?	Hyper Text Transfer Protocol				
Christiana Ronaldo is related with which sport?	Football				
Who is the highest run scorer in One Day International cricket?	Sachin Tendulkar				
Who is the chairman of the Planning Commission of India?	Prime Minister				
Who directed the movie 'Avatar'?	James Cameroon				
Who was the first Indian woman to swim across the English Channel?	Arti Saha.				
The green colour of the leaves is due to?	Chlorophyll				
Where is 'Gateway of India' situated?	Mumbai				
In which year India won the ICC world cup under the captaincy of M. S. Dhoni for the second time?					
Who won the football world cup for maximum number of times?	Brazil				
What is the capital of U.S.A.?	Washinton D.C.				
How many members are nominated by President in Rajya Sabha?					
In computer,  MB (Mega Byte) memory is equal to how many Kilo Bytes?	 KB				
An instrument used for measuring sound under water?	Hydrophone				
Scientific study of eye-diseases is called?	Opthamology.				
Capital of Austria is?	Vienna				
What is the full form of OPEC?	Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries(OPEC).				
Who is the author of the book 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'?	William Shakespeare.				
The Bermuda Triangle or Devil's Triangle is located at?	North Atlantic Ocean				
Who was the last ruler of Mughal dynasty?	Bahadur Shah Zafar.				
Who defeated Mohammed Ghori in First Battle of Tarain?	Prithvi Raj Chauhan				
Green revolution was started in the year?					
In which year Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was nationalized?					
Guwahati is situated on the bank of the river?	Brahmaputra.				
The edible part of an Onion is?	Fleshy leaves.				
Who is known as 'Man of Blood and Iron'?	Otto Von Bismark.				
Whom did Lord Clive defeated in the Battle of Plassey, ?	Siraj-ud-Daulah.				
Who was the first Chief Justice of Supreme Court?	Hiralal J Kania.				
World Aids Day is observed on?	st December.				
The term 'Castle' is associated with which sports?	Chess				
Capital of Finland is?	Helsinki.				
The boundary 'Durand Line' is between Pakistan and?	Afghanisthan.				
Headquarter of SAARC is in?	Kathmandu, Nepal.				
Who wrote the book 'City of Joy'?	Dominique Lapierre.				
Which gland regulates the amount of water excreted by the kidneys?	Pituitary gland				
What is the capital of Dadar and Nagar Havelli?	Silvassa.				
Which Indian freedom fighter was popularly called 'Mahamana' ?	Madan Mohan Malaviya.				
'Anandmath' was written by which Bengali writer?	Bankim Chandra Chatterjee				
What is the name of first indigenously developed Super Computer of India?	Param				
Who is the first indian Tenis player to win boy's Australian Open Junior Title?	Yuki Bhambri.				
In terms of area, which is the smallest state in India?	Goa.				
Who founded Forward Block political party?	Subhash Chand Bose.				
Which architect designed the city of Chandigarh ?	Le Corbusier.				
The boundary line demarcating India and Pakistan is known as?	Radcliffe Line.				
Which mughal emperor built 'Jama Masjid'?	Shahjahan.				
The ultimate source of energy in an ecosystem is?	Sun.				
Who was the first indian woman to scale the Mount Everest?	Bachendri Pal.				
What is the difference in time between Indian Standard Time (IST) and Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)?	: hours.				
What is the longest English word that doesn't repeat a letter?	Uncopyrightables.				
Which dynasty built Khajuraho temples?	Chandelas				
Which vitamin is also known as Ascorbic acid?	Vitamin-C				
Which imaginary line, located at zero degrees latitude, divides the earth into Northern and Southern hemispheres?	Equator.				
Who was the president of Indian National Congress at the time of independence?	J.B.Kriplani.				
The largest country (in area) in Africa is?	Algeria				
What is the capital of union territory Lakshadweep?	Kavaratti.				
who was the first Indian to receive Raman Magsaysay Award?	Vinoba Bhave in .				
Who coined the name 'Pakistan'?	Chaudhary Rahmat Ali.				
Who is the first woman IPS officer of India?	Kiran Bedi.				
World No Tobacco Day is observed on?	st May.				
National anthem 'Jana Gana Mana' was first sung on?	th December,  at the Calcutta session of the Indian National Congress.				
The scientific name of Vinegar is?	Acetic acid.				
Who is the ex-officio chairman of Rajya Sabha?	Vice-President.				
Which Fundametal Right was described by Dr. B. R. Ambedkar as the heart and soul of the Constitution?	Right to Constitutional Remedies.				
The yellow colour of cow's milk is due to the presence of?	Carotene.				
Which is the largest brackish water lake in India?	Chilka Lake.				
Which scientist is known as the Father of the Green Revolution in India?	M.S.Swaminathan.				
An instrument to measure the velocity and find the direction of the wind?	Anemometer.				
Scientific study of fossils is called?	Palaeontology.				
Who wrote the book 'A Million Mutinies Now'?	V. S. Naupal.				
Which Viceroy of India effected the Partition of Bengal in ?	Lord Curzon				
Marasmus disease is caused due to the deficiency of?	Protein.				
The only session of Indian National Congress (INC) presided over by Mahatma Gandhi was at?	Belgaum in the year .				
Which country plays Ashes test match series against each other?	England and Australia.				
Which Ramon Magsaysay award winner founded the 'Asha for Education', a secular organisation dedicated to bring socio-economic change in India by focusing on basic education?	Sandeep Pandey.				
Who authored ancient Sanskrit plays 'Mahavircharita' and 'Uttar Ramcharita'?	Bhavabhuti.				
Which country is known as 'Land of rising sun'?	Japan.				
What is the popular name of Magnesium Sulphate, a white crystalline salt used in medicine and in leather processing?	Epsom salt.				
Where is the headquarter of Interpol?	Lyon.				
Name the International human rights organization with headquarters in London which won Nobel Prize for Peace in ?	Amnesty International				
The Ilbert Bill, by which Indian judges were allowed to try the European offenders in criminal cases, was introduced by which Governor-General of India in ?	Lord Rippon.				
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen by weight in the ratio?					
Who discovered Blood Group?	Karl Landsteiner (USA).				
Which Indian state was originally known as the North East Frontier Agency (NEFA)?	Arunachal Pradesh.				
Which strait connects the Pacific Ocean to the Atlantic Ocean?	Strait of Magellan.				
What is the capital of Chile?	Santiago.				
In the Earth's crust, which chemical element has the largest share of  percent in terms of weight?	Oxygen.				
Which among the following chemical is used in photography?	Silver bromide.				
Milk is an example of emulsion, True or False?	True.				
Which India born physicist invented the 'Optical Fibre'?	Narinder Singh Kapany.				
Which waterbody seprates the Andaman Islands from the Nocibar Islands?	Ten Degree Channel.				
In which city is the Netaji Subhash National Institute of Sports situated?	Patiala.				
Which religious teacher established four maths in four corners of country at Badrinath (North), Dwarka (West), Puri (East) & Sringeri (South)?	Adi Shankaracharya.				
Who is considered as the father of Mobile Phone?	Martin Cooper.				
Gayatri Mantra is addressed to which Hindu god?	Surya.				
Which element is necessarily present in all acids?	Hydrogen.				
Who authored the book `Business at the speed of thought' ?	Bill Gates.				
Which organ in the human body produces Bile?	Liver.				
Diamond and Graphite are allotropes of which element?	Carbon.				
Who is the only Indian cricketer to have taken all  wickets in a Test innings?	Anil Kumble.				
What is the minimum age limit to become the President of India?	 years.				
Who created fictional character Harry Potter?	J.K.Rowling.				
Deficiency of which vitamin causes Scurvy?	Vitamin-C.				
Which constituent of human blood is responsible for blood clotting?	Platelets (Thrombocytes).				
Which was the first country to give women the right to vote in elections?	New Zealand.				
According to Hindu mythology, twin sisters Riddhi and Siddhi are wives of which God?	Ganesh.				
Which scientist was known as 'Wizard of Menlo Park'?	Thomas Alva Edison.				
On th April , who became the first person to reach the North Pole?	Robert Edwin Peary.				
What is the name of India's first nuclear reactor?	Apsara.				
Which Mughal emperor assumed the title of 'Alamgir' - Conqueror of the world?	Aurangzeb.				
At which place did Mahatama Gandhi start his first Satyagraha in India?	Champaran in Bihar.				
When an ant bites a person, which irritating chemical it injects?	Formic acid.				
In the th Schedule of the Indian Consitution, how many languages have been officially recognised?					
Even though India became independent in  but Daman and Diu remained a European colony till . Which country ruled over it?	Portugal.				
Headquarters of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) is in?	Montreal (Canada).				
With which sport is the Duckworth-Lewis Method associated?	Cricket.				
What is the normal heart rate of adults at rest?	 beats per minute.				
Kailash Temple at Ellora in Maharahstra was built by the rulers of which dynasty?	Rashtrakuta.				
What is the interest rate at which banks borrow money from Reserve Bank of India (RBI) called?	Repo Rate.				
International Date Line, an imaginary line where date changes as one travels east or west across it, passes through which longitude?	 degree.				
Who wrote the famous essay 'Unto This Last', which was later translated into Gujarati by Mahatma Gandhi under the title of 'Sarvodaya'?	John Ruskin.				
Headquarters of Central Railway is in?	Mumbai.				
Wheeler Island, the site of India's missile testing facility Integrated Test Range (ITR), is situated in which state?	Orissa.				
To whom does the President of India address his resignation?	Vice-President.				
Apart from Russia, the territory of which country lies in both Europe and Asia continents?	Turkey.				
Who is known as the 'Father of Medicine'?	Hippocrates.				
After Hindi, which is the second most spoken language in India?	Bengali.				
The Khyber Pass, a strategic mountain pass between Central Asia and South Asia, connects Pakistan to which country?	Afghanistan.				
On  August , which Indian lady became the first woman in the world to swim across the Straits of Gibraltar?	Aarti Pradhan.				
Who was the first President of Pakistan?	Iskandar Mirza.				
Which early th century traveller to India authored the books 'Tahqiq-i-Hind' and 'Kitab-ul-Hind'?	Al Beruni.				
To preserve the filaments at high temprature, which gas is filled in the electric bulbs?	Argon.				
'The Four Noble Truths' and 'Noble Eightfold Path' are the cornerstones of which religion?	Buddhism.				
What is the chemical name of Baking Soda?	Sodium bicarbonate.				
What is the chemical name of Washing Soda?	Sodium carbonate.				
From which Indian ruler did the Britishers aquire the Kohinoor diamond?	Dalip Singh.				
'Gyandarshan' is an educational TV channel of which Indian open university?	IGNOU.				
Which city annually hosts the Wimbledon tennis championship, one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments?	London				
Which European country is also known as the 'Land of the Midnight Sun'?	Norway.				
The India receives its major rainfall from which monsoon?	South-West Monsoon.				
How many years does the US President serve during one term?	 years.				
Bamboo is tree, weed or grass?	Grass.				
Which straits connects India to Srilanka?	Palt Straits.				
Headquarter of Zoological Survey of India is at?	Kolkata.				
In which article of the Indian Constitution the word 'Minority' appears?	Article .				
University of Nalanda and Vikramsila were destroyed by?	Baktiyar Khalji.				
Which emperor propaged the idea of 'Sulahkul'?	Akbar.				
The nickname 'seven-sisters' has been given in India to?	 North-Eastern States.				
As per the latest estimates of the planning commission the poverty ratio in - in India is?	.%.				
Human blood is viscous in nature due to the presence of?	Protein in blood.				
pH value of pure water is?					
Director-General of World Trade Organisation(WTO) is?	Roberto Azevedo of Brazil.				
Which mineral is used to make the Plaster of Paris?	Gypsum.				
The most spoken language in the world is?	Mandarin.				
Ricket is caused due to the deficiency of which vitamin?	Vitamin-D.				
World's longest railway platform is in which state?	West Bengal (Kharagpur).				
Which planet in the Solar System is named after the Roman god of agriculture and harvest?	Saturn.				
Who is the first batsman in international cricket to hit  six in an over?	Herschelle Gibbs (South Africa).				
Which is the only continent through which all longitude lines passes?	Antarctica.				
The first indigenous civilian aircraft of India is?	Saras.				
Who was the first human to walk in space?	Alexei Leonov - Russia.				
First Indian to be appointed as the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) was?	C.D. Deshmukh in .				
Which Maurya ruler defeated Alexander's general Seleucus Nicator and received the territories of Kabul and Balochistan?	Chandragupta Maurya in  BC.				
Who was also known as the 'Saint of the Gutters'?	Mother Teresa.				
Oldest mountain range in India is?	Aravali range.				
The capital of USA, Washington D. C. is located on the banks of which river?	Potomac.				
Highest mountain peak of North America is?	Mount McKinley.				
Which hormone is also known as Emergency hormone?	Adrenaline.				
Which Indian freedom fighter gave the slogan 'Dilli Chalo'?	Subhas Chandra Bose.				
Who is the only President of India to be elected unopposed?	Neelam Sanjiva Reddy.				
How many bones are there in the adult human skeleton?	 bones.				
Who propounded the 'Theory of Relativity'?	Albert Einstein.				
In th century, which Italian traveller visited the Vijayanagar empire?	Niccolo de Conti.				
Minimum age limit to become the Governor of a state in India?	 years.				
Which Sikh guru developed the Gurumukhi script?	Guru Angad.				
Which place recently becomes the th Indian reserve in Unesco world network list?	Great Nicobar Biosphere Island reserve.				
Who conducted the first human heart transplant operation in the world?	Dr. Christian Bernard.				
First China War was fought between which countries?	China and Britain.				
World Red Cross is celebrated on?	May .				
Film and TV Institute of India is located at which place?	Pune.				
Which layer of the atmosphere restricts the Ultra-violet radiation?	Ozone layer.				
Full form of DRDO is?	Defence Research and Development Organisation.				
Who was the first Indian Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army?	Gen. K.M. Cariappa.				
What is the full form of GATT?	General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.				
The melting point of fuse wire should be high or low?	low.				
Largest Gurudwara in India is?	Golden Temple in Amritsar.				
Headquarter of United Nation Organisation (UNO) is in which country?	USA (at New York).				
The instrument which is used for seeing objects at the surface of water from a submarine under water is called?	Periscope.				
G- is an economic grouping of?	Third World Nations.				
Excessive secretion from the pituitary gland in the children results in?	Increased height.				
Who is the only person to have won two Nobel prizes individually?	Dr. Linus Carl Pauling.				
Market where the price of a commodity is determined by free play of the forces of supply and demand is called?	Free Market.				
In which year the membership of the Security Council was increased from  to  (under Article )?					
In a normal human body, the total number of red blood cells is?	 trillion.				
If speed of rotation of the earth increases, weight of the body will?	decrease.				
India's first nuclear blast at Pokhran in Rajasthan took place in the year?					
The length of the cricket pitch is?	 yards.				
Hundred year war was fought between which countries?	France and England.				
Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research is located at?	Kalpakkam, Chennai.				
In which year did Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay reach the summit of Mount Everest?					
India's first fast breeder neutron reactor was?	Kamini.				
India's first atomic power station was set up at which place?	Tarapur, Maharashtra.				
In which year the UN General Assembly adopted the resolution 'Uniting for Peace'?					
India became a member of the United Nations in the year?					
India's first indigenously built submarine was?	INS Shalki.				
In which organ of the human body does maximum absorption of food take place?	Small intestine.				
Human Rights Day is celebrated on?	 December.				
Whon invented the Logarithm tables?	John Napier.				
Malfunction of which organ causes Jaundice?	Liver.				
NDA is situated at which place?	Khadakwasla.				
After how many years of interval Olympics game are held?	 years.				
Which disease is also known as 'Pink eye'?	Conjunctivitis.				
What is represented by the five rings of the Olympic symbol?	 Continents, Europe, Asia, America, Africa and Australia.				
In which year Mahatma Gandhi was chosen 'Person of the year' by the Times magazine?					
Fire temple is a place of worship for which religion?	Zoroastrians.				
Which game is the second largest sporting event in the world after Olympics?	Commonwealth games.				
Motto of the Asian games is?	Ever Onward.				
Which major Tennis Grand Slams is also known as 'Roland Garros'?	French Open.				
Which award is the asian equivalent of the Nobel Prize?	Ramon Magsaysay Award.				
James Augustus Hickey is famously known as?	Father of Indian Press.				
Who was the first recipient of Bharat Ratna award?	Dr. S. Radhakrishnan in .				
A person who can see distant objects clearly but cannot see nearby objects distinctly is suffering from which eye disease?	Hypermetropia.				
Fat soluble vitamins are?	Vitamin A, D, E and K.				
Goitre is caused due to the deficiency of?	Iodine.				
Longest cell in the human body is?	Neuron (nerve cell).				
Branch of study dealing with child (infant) diseases is called?	Paediatrics.				
Gramophone was invented by?	Thomas Alva Edison.				
In which year Sikkim was included in the 'North Eastern Council'?					
The Writ used to secure a person who has been unlawfully detained without a legal justification is called?	Habeas Corpus.				
Who is known as Father of Geometry?	Euclid.				
Ganymede the largest natural satellite in the solar system is the satellite of which planet?	Jupiter.				
The Writ used to enforce the performance of public duties by public authorities which are imposed by law is called?	Mandamus.				
Changez Khan invaded Indian during the reign of which slave dynasty ruler?	Iltutmish.				
The Governor General of India who was famous for Sati reforms?	Lord William Bentinck				
The Writ used to control executive action in the areas of making appointments to public offices under relevant statutory provisions judicially is?	Quo Warranto.				
The authority established under an act of parliament to regulate housing finance companies in India is?	National Housing Bank.				
Vrindavan Garden is situated in which state?	Mysore (Karnataka).				
The maximum strength of Rajya Sabha is?					
The nominated members of the Rajya Sabha do not participate in the election of the President of India, True or False?	True.				
Who is known as 'Bard of Avon'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who was India's first Indian Civil Services Officer?	Satyendra Nath Tagore.				
Which highway network of India connects Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai?	Golden Quadrilateral.				
Where is the headquarter of SWIFT(Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication) located?	Brussels, Belgium.				
When did the Eleventh Five Year Plan period ended?					
The chief regulator of commodity exchanges in India is?	Forward Markets Commission (FMC).				
Ringgit is the currency of which country?	Indonesia.				
Which Sultan received a robe of honour from the caliph?	Iltutmish.				
The heaviest naturally occurring element is?	Uranium				
Sulphur dioxide bleaches colouring matter by?	Reduction.				
Among Radium, Plutonium, Zirconium and Uranium, which elements are not radio-active?	Zirconium.				
Lake formed in a cut off river, meander is called?	Ox-Bow lake.				
The rapidly growing mass of phytoplankton covering the surface water of a lake or pond is known as?	Eutriphication.				
Which is the leading state in India in Ship Breaking industry?	Gujarat.				
Moderators are used in the nuclear reactors to?	Slow down the neutrons.				
Wings of birds are?	Modified fore limbs.				
The world's tallest statue of Mahatma Gandhi is in?	Patna.				
Wilting of plants occurs due to excessive?	Transpiration.				
Which is the principal source of information on Asoka's campaign against Kalinga?	Rock Edict XIII.				
Contour line is the imaginary line joining places of equal?	Elevation.				
The instrument used to study the behaviour of a vibrating string is?	Sonometer.				
The Gandhara art flourished under the rule of?	Kushanas.				
Which company became India's first listed IT Firm to cross $billion turnover?	Infosys				
Which parts of the poppy plant is used for the extraction of opium?	Flower				
The Deccan Educational Society was founded by?	M. G. Ranade				
Black Hole is an invisible area in outer space with gravity so strong that light cannot get out of it, This property is due to?	Very high density				
At which stage does the silk worm yield the fibre of commerce?	Pupa				
Who was the founder of Abhinava Bharat a secret society of revolutionaries?	V. D. Savarkar				
Endoscopy, a technique which refers to the examination of the inside of a human body is based on the phenomenon of?	Total Internal Reflection of light				
Before joining India as a state, Goa was under the administrative control of?	Portugal				
Total expenditure of the government (revenue and capital) minus revenue receipts minus loans and other capital receipts is called?	Fiscal Deficit				
In human body, Blood Pressure is controlled by?	Thyroid Gland				
Who was the founder of Home Rule Movement?	Bal Gandhar Tilak				
Khajuraho temples were built by?	Chandellas				
The Harappan Civilization belongs to which age?	Chalcolithic Age				
The computer system program which are used to produce actions similar to those in real physical system are called?	Simulation				
There is a wide variation of fauna and flora on the earth due to?	Different physical environment				
Excise duties are levied by the Union but appropriated by the States, True or False?	TRUE				
Al Askari, a place of worship of Shias is at which place?	Sammara, Iraq				
Which part of Pondicherry, a Union Territory is physically situated in Andhra Pradesh?	Yanam				
Rail services were started during the rule of?	Lord Dalhousie				
Which Indian language is called Italian of the East?	Telugu				
Quit India Movement was launched due to the failure of?	Cripps Mission				
Which Indian bird is facing extinction threat due to environmental pollution?	Vulture				
Sea of Tranquility can be found in?	Moon				
A strip of water body, Sir Creek located at?	Rann of Kutch (Gujarat)				
Clove is obtained from?	Bud				
Who gave the slogan 'Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan'?	Lal Bahadur Shastri				
Other name of IBRD (International Bank for Recontruction and Development) is?	World Bank				
Who is known as Man of Blood and Iron?	Otto von Bismarck				
Sariska wildlife sanctuary is located at?	Rajasthan				
Kaziranga National Park is located at?	Assam				
A device which is used in TV set, Computer, Radio set for storing the electric charge is?	Capacitor				
Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars are all?	Terrestrial Planet. All others are Jovian planet.				
The wave that help scientists to understand the internal structure of the Earth are?	Longitudinal Waves				
Shepherds of Himachal Pradesh are known as?	Gaddis				
Which writ literally means 'you may have the body'?	Habeas Corpus				
Who is the first sportsperson to receive the Padma Vibhushan award?	Viswanathan Anand				
The polity of the Harappan people, as derived from the material evidence, was?	Theocratic-Unitary				
Jaubani is a dance form traditionally performed in North-Eastern India by the?	Dimasas				
Antacids are commonly used to get rid of acidity in the stomach. A commonly used antacid is?	Magnesium hydroxide				
The first indian ruler to be shown in images as wearing a dress akin to trousers is?	Kanishka				
Surgeons can perform delicate operations using devices through computers. This technology is known as?	Robotics				
The gas which turns limewater milky is?	Carbon dioxide				
When deep-sea fishes are brought to the surface of the sea, their bodies burst. This is because the blood in their bodies flows at very?	High pressure				
It is difficult to cut things with blunt knife because?	a blunt knife decreases the pressure for a given force				
Delimitation of constituencies and determination of constituencies reserved for SCs and STs are done by?	Delimitation Commission				
One veto can stall Secutity Council resolution, True or False?	TRUE				
The correct meaning of the term Jins-i-kamil concerning crops in Mughal India is?	Cash Crop				
Sargasso sea is charaterised by?	typical marine vegetation				
Ozone holes are more pronounced at the?	North pole and South pole				
In India, the 'effective literacy rates' are calculated from?	Population above  years of age				
An investor who feels that the price of a particular security (shares etc.) is going to fall is termed as?	Bear				
An investor who feels that the price of a particular security (shares etc.) is going to rise is termed as?	Bull				
A persistent fall in the general price level of goods and services is termed as?	Deflation				
In India how many Union Territories have Legislative Assembly?	Two				
Humayun Namah, a biography of Humayun is written by?	Gulbadan Begum, sister of Humayun				
Farmers are requested to mix lime with soil while farming their fields. This is because?	Lime decreases the acidity of soil				
Surface water resources are highest in?	North-Eastern India				
Which Indian city is called the 'zero-mile center' of India?	Nagpur				
The 'Instrument of Instructions' contained in the Government of India Act,  has been incorporated in the Constitution of India in the year  as?	Directive Principles of State Policy				
The main aim of watershed management strategy of India is?	Arid land management				
In absorption of insolation, the most significant part is played by?	Haze				
The speaker of the Lok Sabha may be removed from office by?	a resolution passed by a majority of all the members of the House				
In the Rajya Sabha, the States have been given seats in accordance with?	their population				
Which materials were used for minting coins during the rule of Mauryas?	Silver and Copper				
In an atomic explosion, large amount of energy is released due to conversion of?	nuclear energy into heat				
Soaps cannot be used in acidic condition because they lose their cleansing effect due to formation of insoluble?	long-chain fatty acids				
An electronic device used to convert AC voltage into DC voltage is called?	Rectifier				
In step down transformer, the AC output gives the current _________ than the input current.	more				
When ice melts its volume?	decreases				
The riverbank is weakest where the river turns. This is because?	water effectively bounces off the outer bank as it turns, exerting an extra pressure on the bank				
Why do we have a leap year every four years?	The length of a year is not an integer number of days				
Rain bearing clouds look black because?	all lights are scattered by them				
The concept which tries to ascertain the actual deficit in the revenue account after adjusting for expenditure of capital nature is termed as?	Effective revenue deficit				
Wealth tax is a Direct tax or Indirect tax?	Direct tax				
What was Ziyarat in the language of the Sufis?	Pilgrimage to the tombs of Sufi saints for seeking barkat (spritual grace)				
In the Gupta age, Varahamihira wrote the famous book 'Brihat Samhita'. It was a treatise on?	Astronomy				
The highly polished monolithic Ashokan Pillars were carved out of single pieces of a buff-coloured sandstone, usually mined from the quarries of?	Chunar near Mirzapur				
Which type/types of pen uses/use capillary action in addition to gravity for flow of ink?	Fountain pen				
In terms of magnetic properties, oxygen belongs to?	Paramagnetic materials				
Light Emitting Diode (LED) converts?	Electrical energy into light energy				
Which battle open the Delhi area to Mohammad Ghori?	nd battle of Terrain				
The Aryans succeeded in their conflicts with pre-Aryans because?	They used chariots driven by horses				
The Chola kings ruled over?	Tamil Nadu				
From which fund can the unanticipated expenditure be met without the prior approval of the parliament?	Contingency Fund of India				
A law made by Judiciary is known as?	Case Law				
Who was the author of Gita Govinda?	Jayadeva				
'The Right to Public Office' is a?	Political Right				
According to Adam Smith which is not a 'canon of taxation'?	Canon of simplicity				
Effective demand depends on?	Supply price				
The degree of monopoly power is to be measured in terms of the firms?	supernormal profit				
Zero Hour does not come under legislative control over administration, True or False?	TRUE				
Who propounded the theory of innovation theory of profits?	J. A. Schumpeter				
In AC circuits, AC meters measure?	RMS values				
When a light wave is reflected from a mirror, there is a change in its?	Amplitude				
Solar energy is due to?	Fusion reaction				
Under perfect competition, the industry does not have any excess capacity because each firm produces at the minimum point on its?	Long run average cost curve				
ENIAC was?	An electronic computer				
Coins made of metal first appeared in?	Later Vedic Age				
A natural region has the similarity of?	Climate and natural vegetation				
From the bark of which plant is Quinine extracted?	Cinchona				
When water itself combines chemically with some element of mineral it is called?	Hydration				
Hypertension is the term used for?	Increase in blood pressure				
Navjeevan newspaper had been edited by?	Mahatma Gandhi				
Study dealing with the interactions of same species of living organism with their non-living environment?	Autecology				
The contractile proteins in a muscle are?	Actin and Myosin				
The novel 'White Tiger' which won the Booker Prize  is authored by?	Aravind Adiga				
The electronic configuration of an atom having atomic number '' is?	, , , 				
The vertical movement of air is termed as?	Air Current				
Crop rotation helps to?	Eliminate parasites which have selective hosts				
Acute lead poisoning is also known as?	Plumbism				
The major component in LPG is?	Propane				
The most reactive among the halogen is?	Fluorine				
Sivasamundra is an island formed by the river?	Cauvery				
An area legally reserved for wild life in its natural surroundings is?	Biosphere Reserve				
Zero hour is at the discretion of the?	Speaker				
Elasticity of demand measures the responsiveness of the quantity demanded of a good to a?	Change in the price of the good				
Consumption function expresses the relationship between consumption and?	Income				
Mixed economy refers to?	the co-existence of public as well as private sector				
Parliament excercises control over public expenditure through?	Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG)				
Who was the court poet of Harshavardhana?	Banabhatta				
The Judges of High Court are administered oath of office by?	The Chief Justice of High Court				
Which slogan was given by the French revolution to the world?	Liberty, Equality and Fraternity				
The president of India can issue a proclamation of National Emergency only on the written recommendation of?	The Cabinet consisting of only Cabinet Ministers of the Union				
The example of hermaphrodite animal in which cross fertilisation occurs is?	Earthworm				
Blubber is a?	Layer of thick fat				
The coding segment of DNA is called?	Codon				
Silk is produced by?	Larva of silk worm				
The poorna swaraj resolution was adopted in the annual session of the Indian National Congress held at?	Lahore				
Go Back to Vedas, this call was given by?	Dayanand Saraswati				
The natural gaps across the mountains which provide routes are called?	Passes				
Jhumming is shifting agriculture practised in?	North-Eastern India				
Frontal rain is caused by?	Condensation of water evaporated from mountains				
The Palk Strait lies between?	Bay of Bengal and Gulf of Mannar				
Permanent hardness of water may be removed by addition of?	Sodium carbonate				
Which is the largest satellite of the planet Jupiter?	Ganymede				
Which soil is found in Indo-Gangetic plains?	Alluvial				
Which is the largest river of Indian sub-continent?	Ganges				
Which is the most abundant gas in air?	Nitrogen				
Whose name is written on a ten rupee note?	Governor of RBI				
If the speed of rotation of earth increases, then mass of earth would?	Decrease				
Acid and Base combine to form?	Salt and water				
Radio waves are reflected back from which layer of the Earth's atmosphere?	Ionosphere				
If lime is added to the soil, then acidity of soil?	decreases				
If a ship comes to sea water from river water, then its bottom will?	rise due to buoyancy				
Liver digests?	Fats				
Rickets is caused due to the deficiency of?	Vitamin D				
Monetary policy in India is formulated by?	RBI				
Which countries are separated by the th parallel?	USA and Canada				
Tidal Forest is otherwise called?	Mangrove Forest				
The rapid sliding of large masses of bed rocks is called?	Landslide				
A solid needle placed horizontally on the surface of the water floats due to?	Surface tension of water				
Computer follows a simple principle called GIGO which means?	Garbage In Garbage Out				
Wings of Fire book is written by?	A P J Abdul Kalam				
The statistical study of elections and trends in voting is called?	Psephology				
The common refrigerant used in domestic refrigerator is?	Freon				
Which State contributes % of India's coffee and silk?	Karnataka				
Which principle states that when a body is partially or totally immersed in a fluid, it experiences an upward thrust equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by it?	Archimedes				
Kuchipudi is a dance form of Kerala, True or False?	False, it is a dance form of Andhra Pradesh.				
Which State is famous for Hemis Gumpa festival?	Jammu and Kashmir				
Beri-Beri is caused by the lack of Vitamin?	B				
The tide produced in an ocean when the pull on the Earth by the Sun and the Moon is unidirectional is called?	Spring tide				
The headquarter of RBI is in?	Mumbai				
The number of workers who would offer themselves for employment at different wage rates is known as?	Supply of Labour				
As Income increases the demand for inferior goods?	decreases				
The government of india act  was the outcome of?	communal award				
In which State the Lokayukta and Upalokayukta Act was first passed?	Maharashtra				
Who said, "Socialism is like a hat that has lost its shape because everybody wears it"?	C.E.M. Joad				
Who supported the principle of "survival of the fittest"?	The Fascists				
Nishka a type of coin was used during the reign of?	Guptas				
The king who called himself "Devanampriya" and "Priyadarshi" was?	Ashoka				
Sher shah became the emperor of Delhi after defeating Humayun in the battle of?	Kannauj				
Safdarjung's tomb was built by?	Nawab Shauja-ud Daula				
The vitamin used in alcoholism is?	Thimaine				
Naturally occuring anti-malarial drug is?	Artemisinin				
Which Bhakti saint was regarded by his follower as an incarnation of Vishnu?	Chaitanya				
Sunderban is a Biosphere reserve, True or False?	TRUE				
Where is the Coral Sea located?	North-Eastern part of Australia				
The capacity of rock to allow water to pass through is called?	Permeability				
Which country is called the Land of Ten Thousand Lakes?	Minnesota (USA)				
Drug retail sale licenses are issued by?	Drug Controller Authorities of the States				
Which vitamin is required for formation of Prothrombin?	Vitamin K				
Aldosterone regulates?	Sodium absorption				
Cream gets separated from milk when it is churned because of?	Centrifugal force				
Speed of sound is maximum in solid, liquid or gas?	solid				
Unit of Force is?	Newton				
The Gulf Stream is an ocean current which begins off the coast of?	Florida				
The industrial process of producing ammonia by the reaction of nitrogen with hydrogen in the presence of catalyst is called?	Haber process				
The term Ecology was coined by?	Ernst Haeckel				
Tortoise usually lives for?	 years				
Which properties shows that light is a transverse wave?	Polarisation				
The shifting of a program from one of the memory addresses to another is called?	Relocation				
An aerosol is a colloidal system of a?	solid dispersed in gas				
Food cans are coated with Tin and not Zinc because?	Zinc is more reactive than Tin				
An antigens develop antibodies. The Antibody which protect the body from harmful bacteria and viruses are?	Immunoglobulins				
Hygrometer is used for measuring the?	relative humidity				
Biogas produced by the fermentation of animal dung, human sewage or crop residues in an airtight container is rich in?	Methane				
Which schedule of the Constitution contains provisions as to disqualification of MPs and MLAs on the ground of defection?	th schedule				
First Indian woman who reached Antartica?	Meher Moos				
Which schedules of the Indian Constitution describes the allocation of seats in Rajya Sabha?	th schedule				
Mahatma Gandhi was assasinated by?	Nathuram Godse				
The biggest public sector bank in India is the	State Bank of India				
Main diamond producing area in India is	Panna Diamond Belt, M.P				
The largest cave temple in India is	Ellora cave				
The first Indian state to be formed on linguistic basis after Independence was	Andhra Pradesh				
The largest prison in India is the	Tihar Central Jail, New Delhi				
The largest post office in India is the?	GPO, Mumbai				
The oldest english daily newspaper of India is?	The Times of India				
Grave's disease is caused due to?	Hyperactivity of Thyroid				
The first library established in India is the?	William Carey library, Serampore				
Iron and Mangenese are removed in water by the process of?	Filteration				
The first engineering college established in India is the?	Thompson college, Roorkee				
Suspended colloidal particles in the water can be removed by the process of?	Coagulation				
The concept of CARBON CREDIT originated from?	Kyoto Protocol				
The largest refinery of India is the?	IOC Refinery at Koyah, Gujarat				
The oldest refinery in India is the?	Digboi refinery, Assam				
Chiropterophily means?	Pollination of plants by bats				
Pong dam (also known as Beas dam) is located at?	Oon Beas river at Himachal Pradesh.				
The strength of Rajya Sabha is?					
Former Prime Minister Mr.Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated on?	//1				
Which amendment of the Constitution deals with Political defections?	nd Amendment				
An employment situation where the marginal productivity of agriculture labour is zero is known as?	Disguised unemployment				
Former Prime Minister Mrs.Indira Gandhi was assassinated on?					
The Navy Academy is located at?	Cochin				
CPU performance is often measured in?	MHz				
Which country is the largest producer of Wool?	Australia				
The Export-Import Bank of India is also known as?	EXIM Bank				
Meenambakkam airport is located at?	Chennai				
The Mansabdari system was introduced by?	Akbar				
Indira Gandhi International airport is located at?	New Delhi				
Kerala attained statehood on?	st November 				
Who are the price-takers under Perfect Competition?	Buyers				
Who is the first musician to get the Bharat Ratna?	M. S. Subbulakshmi				
Mother Teresa died on?					
Which enzyme is obtained from Red Gram?	Diastase				
The actual name of Mother Teresa was?	Agnes Gonxha Bejaxhiu				
The acid rain destroys the vegetation because it contains?	Sulphuric acid				
Central Bureau of Investigation was formed in the year?					
When and by whom were the Ashokan inscription deciphered for the first time?	In  by James Princep				
Which is the largest Zoo of India?	Zoological Garden, Kolkata				
Which is the largest lake of India?	Wular Lake, Kashmir				
Which is the highest airfiled of India?	Chushul airfield, Ladakh				
Which day is observed as International Day of Non-Violence?	nd October				
Where is Tower of Victory located?	Chittoor				
The samadhi of Indira Gandhi is known as?	Shakti Sthal				
Longest cell in human body is?	Nerve cell				
Rashtrapati Bhawan was built by?	Edwin Lutyens				
When granite rock gets metamorphosed they changed into?	Gneiss				
Who constructed Jantar Mantar?	Maharaja Jai Singh II				
Hussain Sagar Lake is located at?	Hyderabad				
Rajasthan attained statehood in the year?					
Which planet has the largest number of natural satellites or moons?	Jupiter				
Shompen tribe is found in?	Nicobar islands				
The continents that form a mirror image of each other are?	Africa and South America				
A nautical mile is equal to?	 feet				
What is the target of the Millennium Development Goals of the United Nations with respect to Universal Primary Education?	All children both boys and girls would complete a full course primary schooling by 				
El Nino is a?	An abnormally warm current				
Who Was the first Prime minister of Bangladesh was	Mujibur Rehman				
Name of the longest river in the world is the	Nile				
Name of the longest highway in the world is the	Trans-Canada				
Name of the longest highway in the world has a length of	about  km				
Name of the highest mountain in the world is the	Everest				
Name of the country that accounts for nearly one third of the total teak production of the world is	Myanmar				
Name of the biggest desert in the world is the	Sahara desert				
Name of the largest coffee growing country in the world is	Brazil				
Name of the country also known as “country of Copper”is	Zambia				
Name of the name given to the border which seperates Pakistan and Afghanistan is	Durand line				
Name of the river Volga flows out into the	Capsian sea				
Name of the coldest place on the eartn is	Verkoyansk in Siberia				
Name of the country which ranks second in terms of land area is	Canada				
Name of the largest Island in the Mediterranean sea is	Sicily				
Name of the river Jordan flows out into the	Dead sea				
Name of the biggest delta in the world is the	Sunderbans				
Name of the capital city that stands on the river Danube is	Belgrade				
Name of the Japanese call their country as	Nippon				
Name of the length of the English channel is	 kilometres				
Name of the world’s oldest known city is	Damascus				
Name of the city which is also known as the City of Canals is	Venice				
Name of the country in which river Wangchu flows is	Myanmar				
Name of the biggest island of the world is	Greenland				
Name of the city which is the biggest centre for manufacture of automobiles in the world is	Detroit,USA				
Name of the country which is the largest producer of manganese in the world is	USA				
Name of the country which is the largest producer of rubber in the world is	Malaysia				
Name of the country which is the largest producer of tin in the world is	Malaysia				
Name of the river which carries maximum quantity of water into the sea is the	Mississippi				
Name of the city which was once called the `Forbidden City’was	Peking				
Name of the country called the Land of Rising Sun is	Japan				
Name of Mount Everest was named after	Sir George Everest				
Name of the volcano Vesuvias is located in	Italy				
Name of the country known as the Suger Bowl of the world is	Cuba				
Name of the length of the Suez Canal is	. kilometres				
Name of the lowest point on earth is	the coastal area of Dead sea				
Name of the Gurkhas are the original inhabitants of	Nepal				
Name of the largest ocean of the world is the	Pacific ocean				
Name of the largest bell in the world is the	Tsar Kolkol at Kremlin,Moscow				
Name of the biggest stadium in the world is the	Strahov Stadium,Prague				
Name of the world’s largest diamond producing country is	South Africa				
Name of Australia was discoverd by	James Cook				
Name of the first Governor General of Pakistan is	Mohammed Ali Jinnah				
Name of Dublin is situated at the mouth of river	Liffey				
Name of the earlier Name of New York city was	New Amsterdam				
Name of the Eifel tower was built by	Alexander Eiffel				
Name of the Red Cross was founded by	Jean Henri Durant				
Name of the country which has the greatest population density is	Monaco				
Name of the national flower of Britain is	Rose				
Name of Niagara Falls was discovered by	Louis Hennepin				
Name of the national flower of Italy is	Lily				
Name of the national flower of China is	Narcissus				
Name of the permanent secretariat of the SAARC is located at	Kathmandu				
Name of the gateway to the Gulf of Iran is	Strait of Hormuz				
Name of the first Industrial Revolution took place in	England				
Name of World Environment Day is observed on	th June				
Name of the first Republican President President of America was	Abraham Lincoln				
Name of the country famous for Samba dance is	Brazil				
Name of the Name of Alexander’s horse was	Beucephalus				
Name of Singapore was founded by	Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles				
Name of the famous British one-eyed Admiral was	Nelson				
Name of the earlier Name of Srilanka was	Ceylon				
Name of the UNO was formed in the year					
Name of UNO stands for	United Nations Organisation				
Name of the independence day of South Korea is celebrated on	th August				
Name of `Last Judgement’was the first painting of an Italian painter named	Michelangelo				
Name of `Paradise Regained’was written by	John Milton				
Name of the first President of Egypt was	Mohammed Nequib				
Name of the first man to reach North Pole was	Rear Peary				
Name of the most famous painting of Pablo Picasso was	Guermica				
Name of the primary producer of newsprint in the world is	Canada				
Name of the first explorer to reach the South Pole was	Cap.Ronald Amundson				
Name of the person who is called the father of modern Italy is	G.Garibaldi				
Name of World literacy day is celebrated on	th September				
Name of the founder of modern Germany is	Bismarck				
Name of the country known as the land of the midnight sun is	Norway				
Name of the place known as the Roof of the world is	Tibet				
Name of the founder of the Chinese Republic was	San Yat Sen				
Name of the first Pakistani to receive the Nobel Prize was	Abdul Salam				
Name of the first woman Prime Minister of Britain was	Margaret Thatcher				
Name of the first Secretary General of the UNO was	Trygve Lie				
Name of the sculptor of the statue of Liberty was	Federick Auguste Bartholdi				
Name of the port of Banku is situated in	Azerbaijan				
Name of John F.Kennedy was assassinated by	Lee Harry Oswald				
Name of the largest river in France is	Lore				
Name of the Queen of England who married her brother-in-law was	Catherine of Aragon				
Name of the first negro to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize was	Ralph Johnson Bunche				
Name of the first British University to admit women for degree courses was	London University				
Name of the principal export of Jamaica is	Sugar				
Name of New York is popularly known as the city of	Skyscrapers				
Name of Madagascar is popularly known as the Island of	Cloves				
Name of the country known as the Land of White Elephant is	Thailand				
Name of the country known as the Land of Morning Calm is	Korea				
Name of the country known as the Land of Thunderbolts is	Bhutan				
Name of the highest waterfalls in the world is the	Salto Angel Falls,Venezuela				
Name of the largest library in the world is the	United States Library of Congress,Washington DC				
Name of the largest museum in the world is the	American Museum of Natural History				
Name of the lowest mountain ragne in the world is the	Bhieuna Bhaile				
Name of the country known as the Land of Cakes is	Scotland				
Name of the place known as the Garden of England is	Kent				
Name of the tallest tower in the world is the	C.N.Tower,Toronto, Canada				
Name of the country famous for its fish catch is	Japan				
Name of the old Name of Taiwan was	Farmosa				
Name of Montreal is situated on the bank of river	Ottawa				
Name of the city of Bonn is situated in	Germany				
Name of the literal meaning of Renaissance is	Revival				
Name of Julius Caesar was killed by	Brutus				
Name of the title of Desert Fox was given to	Field Marshal Erwin Rommel				
Name of the largest airport in the world is the	King Khalid Int.Airport, Saudi Arabia				
Name of the city in Russia which faced an earthquake in the year  was	Armenia				
Name of the largest bay in the world is	Hudson Bay,Canada				
Name of the largest church in the world is	Bascilica of St.Peter,Vatican City,Rome				
Name of the largest peninsula in the world is	Arabia				
Name of the largest gulf in the world is	Gulf of Mexico				
Name of the tallest statue in the world is the	Motherland,Volgagra d Russia				
Name of the largest railway tunnel in the world is the	Oshimzu Tunnel,Japan				
Name of the world’s loneliest island is the	Tristan da cunda				
Name of the word `Quiz’was coined by	Jim Daly Irishman				
Name of the original meaning of `Quiz’was	Trick				
Name of the busiest shopping centre of London is	Oxford Street				
Name of the residence of the Queen in London is	Buckingham Palace				
Name of Adolf Hitler was born in	Austria				
Name of the country whose National Anthem has only music but no words is	Bahrain				
Name of the largest cinema in the world is the	Fox theatre,Detroit, USA				
Name of the country where there are no Cinema theatres is	Saudi arabia				
Name of the world’s tallest office building is the	Sears Tower,Chicago				
Name of In the year ,Paraguay became independent from	Spain				
Name of the cross word puzzle was invented by	Arthur Wynney				
Name of the city which was the capital of the ancient Persian Empire was	Persepolis				
Name of WHO stands for	World Health Organisation				
Name of WHO is located at	Geneva				
Name of FAO stands for	Food and Agriculture Organisation				
Name of FAO is located at	Rome and London				
Name of UNIDO stands for	United Nations Industrial Development Organisation				
Name of UNIDO is located at	Vienna				
Name of WMO stands for	World Meteorological Organisation				
Name of WMO is located at	Geneva				
Name of International Civil Aviation Organisation is located at	Montreal				
Name of the Angel Falls is located in	Venezuela				
Name of the Victoria Falls is located in	Rhodesia				
Name of Ice Cream was discovered by	Gerald Tisyum				
Name of the number regarded as lucky number in Italy is	Thirteen				
Name of Napoleon suffered from alurophobia which means	Fear of cats				
Name of the aeroplanes was used in war for the first time by	Italians( Oct.)				
Name of Slavery in America was abolished by	Abraham Lincoln				
Name of the Headquarters of textile manufacturing in England is	Manchester				
Name of the famous Island located at the mouth of the Hudson river is	Manhattan				
Name of the founder of plastic industry was	Leo Hendrik Bakeland				
Name of the country where military service is compulsory for women is	Israel				
Name of the country which has more than , golf courses is	USA				
Name of the famous painting `Mona Lisa’is displayed at	Louvre museum,Paris				
Name of the earlier name for tomato was	Love apple				
Name of the first President of USA was	George Washington				
Name of the famous words `Veni Vidi Vici’were said by	Julius Caesar				
Name of the practice of sterilization of surgical instruments was introduced by	Joseph Lister				
Name of the number of countries which participated in the first Olympic Games held at Athens was	Nine				
Name of Mercury is also known as	Quick Silver				
Name of Disneyland is located in	California,USA				
Name of the country which built the first powerful long range rockets is	Germany				
Name of Sewing Machine was invented by	Isaac M.Singer				
Name of Adding Machine was invented by	Aldrin				
Name of the national emblem of Spain is	Eagle				
Name of Archimedes was born in	Sicily				
Name of the total area of Vatican city is	. Sq.kms				
Name of the largest temple in the world is	Angkorwat in Kampuchea				
Name of the largest dome in the world is	Louisiana Superdome,New Orleans,USA				
Name of the largest strait in the world is	Tartar Strait				
Name of the Mohenjodaro ruins are found in	Larkand District of Sind,Pakistan				
Name of the largest city of Africa is	Cairo				
Name of the founder of KODAK Company was	Eastman				
Name of the Cape of Good Hope is located in	South Africa				
Name of the Heathrow Airport is located in	London				
Name of the neon lamp was invented by	Georges Claude				
Name of the last letter of the Greek alphabet is	Omega				
Name of the place known as the land of Lincoln is	Illinois				
Name of the US state Utah is also known as	Beehive state				
Name of the Kalahari desert is located in	Africa				
Name of the Pentagonian desert is located in	Argentina				
Name of the person known as the father of aeronautics is	Sir George Cayley				
Name of the most densely populated Island in the world is	Honshu				
Name of the two nations Haiti and the Dominion Republic together form the Island of	Hisponiola				
Name of the largest auto producer in the USA is	General Motors				
Name of the largest auto producing nation is	Japan				
Name of the famous General Motors company was founded by	William Durant				
Name of the country that brings out the FIAT is	Italy				
Name of the first actor to win an Oscar was	Emil Jannings				
Name of the first animated colour cartoon of full feature length was	Snow White and Seven Dwarfs				
Name of the first demonstration of a motion picture was held at	Paris				
Name of the first country to issue stamps was	Britain				
Name of the actor who is considered as the biggest cowboy star of the silent movies is	Tom Mix				
Name of the Pentagon is located at	Washington DC				
Name of the world’s largest car manufacturing company is	General Motors,USA				
Name of the world’s biggest manufacturer of bicycles is	Hero cycles,Ludhiana				
Name of the world’s oldest underground railway is at	London				
Name of the White House was painted white to	Hide fire damage				
Name of the largest oil producing nation in Africa is	Nigeria				
Name of the longest river in Russia is	Oblrtysh				
Name of the first Emperor of Germany was	Wilhelm				
Name of the last French Monarch was	Louis Napoleon III				
Name of History is Bunkwas said by	Henry Ford				
Name of the term “astrology’ literally means	Star Speech				
Name of Togo is situated in	Africa				
Name of Coal is also known as	Black Diamond				
Name of the first Boxer to win  gold medals in Olympics was	Laszlo Papp				
Name of the first ruler who started war games for his soldiers was	Genghis Khan				
Name of the first cross word puzzle in the world was published in	 by London Sunday Express				
Name of the lightest known metal is	Lithium				
Name of the atacama desert is located in	North Chile				
Name of the oil used to preserve timber is	Creosote oil				
Name of the founder of USA was	George Washington				
Name of the first talkie feature film in USA was	the Jazz Singer				
Name of the chemical Name of laughing gas is	Nitrous oxide				
Name of the US state Mississipi is also known as	Tar Heel state				
Name of the US state Indiana is also known as	Volunteer state				
Name of the US state Missouri is also known as	Hoosier state				
Name of the US state West Verginia is also known as	Blue Grass state				
Name of the US state known as`Pine Free State’is	Vermount				
Name of the US state known as `Mountain state’is	Pensylvania				
Name of the US state known as`Land of `Land of  Lakes’is	Arkansas				
Name of the popular detective character created by Agatha Christie is	Hercule Poirot				
Name of the Pakistani President who died in an aircrash was	Zia-ul-Huq				
Name of Yoghurt means	Fermented milk				
Name of Yankee is the nickname of	American				
Name of the International court of Justice is located in	Hague,Holland				
Name of the headquarters of World Bank is located at	Washington DC				
Name of Victoria Falls was discovered by	David Livingstone				
Name of the technique to produce the first test tube baby was evolved by	Patrick Stepote and Robert Edwards				
Name of the oldest residential university of Britain is the	Oxford University				
Name of the Name of the large clock on the tower of the House of Parliament in London is called	Big Ben				
Name of Prado museum is located in	Madrid				
Name of the number of keys in an ordinary piano is	Eighty eight				
Name of `Man is a Tool Making Animal’was said by	Benjamin Franklin				
Name of the term ‘anesthesia’ was coined by	Oliver Wendell Holmes				
Name of the first man to reach Antartica was	Fabian Gotileb				
Name of the Kilimanjaro volcano is situated in	Tanzania				
Name of the invention that is considered to have built America is	Dynamite				
Which is the largest animal in the world ?	Blue whale				
Which is the largest animal on land ?	African elephant				
 Which is the smallest bird ?	 Humming Bird				
 Which is the largest fish in the world ?	Whale shark				
 Which is the tallest animal on the earth ?	Giraffe				
 Which is the biggest bird in the world ?	Ostrich				
 Which is the biggest continent in the world ?	Asia				
 Which is the largest country (area) in the world ?	Russia				
Which is the smallest country in the world ?	Vatican City				
 Which is the most spoken language in the world ?	Mandarin (Chinese )				
 Which is the largest island in the world ?	 Greenland				
Which is the longest river in the world ?	Nile (Egypt )				
 Which is the largest desert in the world ?	Sahara Desert (Located at Africa)				
 Which is the largest bone in human body ?	Femur (thighbone)				
 What is the smallest bone in the human body ?	Stapes(Ear bone)				
 Which is the largest flower in the world ?	Rafflesia				
 Which is the largest ocean in the world ?	Pacific Ocean				
 Which is the largest plateau in the world ?	Tibetan Plateau				
 Which is the tallest waterfall in the world ?	Angel Falls				
 which is the first linguistic state in india?	Andhra Pradesh 				
 Which is the first biosphere reserve in india ?	Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve				
 Which is India's largest fresh water lake?	 Wular Lake				
 Which is largest freshwater lake in the world?	Lake Superior				
Which place is known as tea garden of India	Assam 				
Who introduced cofee to India?	baba budan 				
who discovered electric bulb?	Thomas alva edison				
who discovered television?	Jhon L baird				
who discovered radio ?	Marconi				
 Name the person who first circumnavigated earth?	Magellan				
 First ship circumnavigated earth?	Victoria				
India's first super computer?	param				
 who is known as father of Indian constitution ?	Dr B.R.Ambedkar				
 who is the writer of "malgudi days"?	R. K. Narayan				
Which of the Indian state has the longest coast line?	Andra pradesh				
The largest river in India?	Ganga				
 Which Indian state has a separate constitution ?	Jammu and kashmir				
 who is the father of history?	Herodotus				
 Which is the lightest metal?	Lithium				
 A male donkey is called?	Jack				
 A female donkey is called?	Jenny				
 Who is the first prime minister of India ?	Jawaharlal nehru				
 Who was the first president of India ?	Rajendra Presad				
 Father of Green Revolution?	M S Swaminathan				
 The king of spices?	pepper				
 The th state of India?	 Telangana				
 Paleontology is the study of ?	Fossils				
The Gland secretes Insulin?	Pancreas				
 The currency of UAE?	Dirham				
what is the currency of sudan?	Pound				
 Which is the hardest substance available on earth?	Diamond				
 which bank is called bankers bank of India?	RBI(Reserve Bank of India) 				
 which is the largest state of India?	Rajasthan 				
 The biggest Private Commercial Bank?	ICICI Bank				
 The father of local self Government?	Lord Rippon				
 The first Indian woman to go into space?	Kalpana Chawla				
The vitamins which is not found in vegetables and fruits?	Vitamin D				
 Bleeding Gums or tooth loss is a symptom of disease?	Scurvy				
 Fastest land animal in the world?	cheetah				
 Which is the largest cell in natural world?	ostrich eggs				
 Which instrument is used to measure Atmospheric pressure?	Barometer				
 Human dead body is called?	cadaver				
 The state having a largest area of forest cover in India	Madhya padesh				
 Which is the smallest neighboring country of India?	Bhutan				
 Tsunami is a word in which language?	Japanese				
 Panama canal act as a link between which oceans?	Atlantic and pacific				
 Who discovered Penicillin in ?	Alexander Fleming				
 The part of brain which help the body balance?	Cerebellum				
 Which of the state has the longest coastal line?	Gujarat				
 The highest dam of India is ?	Tehri Dam				
 Which continent is known as Dark continent?	Africa				
 which is the largest continent?	Asia				
 which is the smallest continent?	Australia				
 Which is the southernmost point of india?	Indira point				
 Present Indian station at Antarctica?	Bharati				
 Present Indian station at arctic region?	Indarc				
 Kelvin scale is the unit of?	Temperature 				
 Who is the inventor of electricity?	Benjamin Franklin				
 Who is the inventor of electric Bulb?	Thomas Alva Edison				
 Who is the inventor of Television?	John Logie Baird				
 Who is the inventor of Barometer?	Evangelista Torricelli				
 Who is the inventor of Radio?	Marconi				
 Who is the inventor of Crescograph	Jagdish Chandra Bose				
 Which was the first linguistic state in independent India?	Andhra Pradesh				
 largest diamond in the world?	Cullinan				
 Former Indian Prime minister who received both Bharath Ratna and Nishan-E-pakistan?	Morarji Desai				
Who is the father of computer science?	Alan Turing				
Which is world's first coin?	Lydian coin				
Uri dam is constructed across the river?	Jhalam				
 Which is the lightest metal?	Lithium				
 Which is the  smallest desert in the world?	Carcross Desert, canada				
 Who is the chairman of Rajya sabha?	The Vice President				
 Who is the chairman of Niti aayog?	The Prime minister of India 				
 Who is the first women prime minister of India ?	Indira Gandhi				
 Who was the first women president of India ?	Pratibha Devisingh Patil				
The state which is known as "Sugar bowl of India"?	 Uttar Pradesh				
 The instrument used to measure Blood pressure?	Sphygmomanometer				
Super computer was invented by?	Seymour Cray				
What is the Expansion for LED?	Light emitting Diode				
The largest Democracy in the world?	India				
The longest written Constitution in the world?	Indian constitution				
 Metal used to make the filaments of bulbs?	Tungsten				
Aeroplane	Orville Wright and Wilbur Wright.				
Antiseptic	Dr. Joseph Lister.				
Aspirin	Dr. Felix Hoffman (Germany).				
Barometer	E. Torricelli (Italy).				
Bicycle	K. Macmillan (Scotland).				
Atom Bomb	Julius Robert Oppenheimer.				
Tyre	J. B. Dunlop (Scotland).				
Balloon	Jacques and Joseph Montgolfier (France).				
Bi-focal lens	Benjamin Franklin (US).				
Bullet	Claude Minie (France).				
Chronometer	John Harrision (England).				
Calculating Machine	Pascal (France).				
Centrigrade scale	A. Celsius (France).				
Diesel Engine	Rudolf Diesel (Germany).				
Cinema	A. L. Lumiere and J. L. Lumiere (France).				
Computer	Charles Babbage (Britain).				
Cinematograph	Thomas Alva Edison (US).				
X-ray	W. K. Roengton (Germany).				
Transformer	Michael Faraday (Britain).				
Thermometer	Galileo Galilei (Italy).				
Assam	Bihu, Khel Gopal, Canoe, Maharas				
Arunachal Pradesh	Mask Dance				
Andhra Pradesh	Ghanta Mardala, Ghurayayal Tholu, Chaddi				
Bihar	Jata Jatin, Bakho, Jhijhiya, Natua, Oroan, Bidesia				
Chattisgarh	Karma, Jhumar, Dagla, Pali, Mundari				
Gujarat	Garba, Dandiya Rasa, Tippani				
Haryana	Jhumar, Dhamal, Phag Dance, Gugga, Khoria, Rasa Leela				
Himachal Pradesh	Thali, Nati, Jadda, Jaintia				
Jammu & Kashmir	Rauf, Hikat, Damali				
Karnataka	Yakshagana, Huttari, Suggi, Kunitha				
Kerala	Oottam Thulal, Krishnattam, Kaliyattam, Mohiniyattam				
Madhya Pradesh	Ghero				
Maharashtra	Dasavatar, Mauni, Lavani, Tamasha				
Meghalaya	Laho, Baagla				
Mizoram	Khanatam, Pakhupila, Cherokan				
Manipur	Basant Rasa, Nat Rash, Rakhal				
Nagaland	Chong, Lim, Nuralim, Khaiva				
Odisha	Bahaka Wata, Dandanata, Jaddur, Ghumara, Chhau				
Punjab	Bhangra, Giddha, Dhaman				
Rajasthan	Ghumar, Chakri, Jhulan Leela, Gopika Leela, Khyal, Susini				
Tamil Nadu	Kolattam, Kavadi, Kummi, Karagam, Pinnal				
Uttar Pradesh	Rasa Leela, Kajri, Jhora, Kumaon, Nautanki				
Uttarakhand	Gadhwali, Ras Leela, Kumayuni, Kajari				
West Bengal	Keertan, Katti, Baul, Jatra				
Goa	Mandi, Khol, Dakni, Jhagor				
Father of Modern Physics-	Galileo Galilei				
Father of the Green Revolution-	Norman Ernest Borlaug				
Father of Microbiology-	Antonie Philips Van Leeuwenhoek				
Father of Modern Astronomy-	Nicolaus Copernicus				
Father of Nuclear Physics-	Ernest Rutherford				
Father of Nuclear Science-	Marie Curie and Pierre Curie				
Father of Computer Science-	George Boole and Alan Turing				
Father of Biology-	Aristotle				
Father of the Green Revolution in India-	M. S. Swaminathan				
Father of the Indian Constitution -	Dr. B. R. Ambedkar				
Father of American Football-	Walter Chauncey Camp				
Father of Evolution-	Charles Darwin				
Father of modern Olympic-	Pierre De Coubertin				
Father of Numbers-	Pythagoras				
Father of Genetics-	Gregor Mendel				
Father of Internet -	Vint Cerf				
Father of Botany-	Theophrastus				
Father of Scientific Management-	Frederick Winslow Taylor				
Father of Electricity-	Benjamin Franklin				
Father of Electronics-	Michael Faraday				
Father of Television-	Philo Farnsworth				
Father of Nuclear Chemistry-	Otto Hahn				
Father of Periodic Table-	Dmitri Mendeleev				
Father of Humanism -	Francesco Petrarca				
Father of Telephone-	Alexander Graham Bell				
Father of Mobile Phone-	Martin Cooper				
Father of Geometry-	Euclid				
Father of Microscopy -	Antonie Philips Van Leeuwenhoek				
Father of Laptop-	Bill Moggridge				
Father of Psychology-	Sigmund Freud				
Father of Surgery-	Sushruta				
Father of New France-	Samuel de Champlain				
Father of the American Constitution -	James Madison				
Father of Plastic Surgery-	Sir Harold Gillies				
Father of Ayurveda-	Dhanwantari				
Father of Western Medicine -	Hippocrates				
Father of modern Medicine-	Hippocrates				
Apple Inc	Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak and Ronald Wayne in 1976.				
Amazon.com	Jeff Bezos in 1994.				
Bavarian Motor Works (BMW)	Franz Josel Popp in 1916.				
Adidas	Adolf "Adi" Dassler in 1924.				
Cadbury	John Cadbury in 1824.				
TATA	Jamsetji Tata in 1870.				
Colgate-Palmolive	William Colgate in 1806.				
Horlicks	William and James Horlick.				
Ebay Inc	Pierre Morad Omidyar in 1995.				
Google	Sergey Brin and Larry Page in 1998.				
Facebook	Mark Elliot Zuckerberg and others in 2004.				
Nestle	Henry Nestle in 1866.				
Infosys	Narayan Murthi.				
Airtel	Sunil Mittal.				
Ford Motor	Henry Ford in 1903.				
HP (Hewlett-Packard)	Bill Hewlett and David Packard in 1939.				
IBM (International Business Machines)	Thomas J Watson in 1911.				
Who is the author of the book 'Babur-Nama'?	Babur.				
Who is the author of the book 'Made in Japan'	Akio Morita.				
Who is the author of the book 'Mein kampf'?	Adolf Hitler.				
Who is the author of the book 'Moon Walk'?	Michael Jackson.				
Who is the author of the book 'Sunny Days'?	Sunil Gavaskar.				
Who is the author of the book 'Wings of Fire'?	APJ Abdul Kalam.				
Who is the author of the book 'Ain-I-Akbari' and 'Akbarnama'?	Abul Fazal.				
Who is the author of the book 'Idols'?	Sunil Gavaskar.				
Who is the author of the book 'Worshipping False Gods'?	Arun Shourie.				
Who is the author of the book 'Triumph'?	Jacqueline Susan.				
Who is the author of the book 'To Live or not to Live'?	Nirad C Chaudhary.				
Who is the author of the book 'My Truth'?	Indira Gandhi.				
Who is the author of the book 'My Music, My Life'?	Pt. Ravi Shankar.				
Who is the author of the book 'Mother India'?	Katherine Mayo.				
Who is the author of the book 'Kumar Sambhava'?	Kalidas.				
Who is the author of the book 'If I Am Assassinated'?	Zulfikar Ali Bhutto.				
Who is the author of the book 'Is Paris Burning'?	Larry Collins and Dominique Lapiere.				
Who is the author of the book 'India Unbound'?	Guruchand Das.				
Who is the author of the book 'The Golden Gate'?	Vikram Seth.				
Who is the author of the book 'Golden Threshold'?	Sarojini Naidu.				
Who is the author of the book 'Glimpses of World History'?	Jawahar Lal Nehru.				
Who is the author of the book 'Gathering Storm'?	Winston Churchill.				
Who is the author of the book 'For Whom The Bell Tolls'?	Earnest Hemingway.				
Who is the author of the book 'First Among Equals'?	Jeffrey Archer.				
Who is the author of the book 'Farewell to Arms'?	Earnest Hemingway.				
Who is the author of the book 'Doctor's Dilemma'?	George Bernard Shaw.				
Who is the author of the book 'District Diary'?	Jaswant Singh.				
Who is the author of the book 'Confessions of a Lover'?	Mulk Raj Anand.				
Who is the author of the book 'Beyond Peace'?	Richard Nixon.				
Who is the author of the book 'Broken Wing'?	Sarojini Naidu.				
Who is the author of the book 'Between the Lines'?	Kuldip Nayar.				
Who is the author of the book 'Area of Darkness'?	V. S. Naipaul.				
Who is the author of the book 'All's Well that Ends Well'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'A Tale of Two Cities'?	Charles Dickens.				
Who is the author of the book 'Anna Karenina'?	Leo Tolstoy.				
Who is the author of the book 'Antony and Cleopatra'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Abhijnanshakuntalam'?	Kalidas.				
Who is the author of the book 'As You Like It'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Babbit'?	Sinclair Lewis				
Who is the author of the book 'Ceaser and Cleopatra'?	George Bernard Shaw.				
Who is the author of the book 'The Comedy of Errors'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'David Copperfield'?	Charles Dickens.				
Who is the author of the book 'Devdas'?	Sharat Chandra Chatterjee.				
Who is the author of the book 'Doctor Zhivago'?	Boris Pasternak.				
Who is the author of the book 'Don Quixote'?	Miguel de Cervantes.				
Who is the author of the book 'Gone with the Wind'?	Margaret Mitchell.				
Who is the author of the book 'Gulliver Travels'?	Jonathin Swift.				
Who is the author of the book 'Hamlet'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Iliad'?	Homer.				
Who is the author of the book 'Indica'?	Magasthenese.				
Who is the author of the book 'The Importance of being Earnest'?	Oscar Wilde.				
Who is the author of the book 'Invisible Man'?	H. G. Wells.				
Who is the author of the book 'Julius Caesar'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Kadambari'?	Banabhatt.				
Who is the author of the book 'Kamasutra'?	Vatsyayan.				
Who is the author of the book 'Kamayani'?	Jai Shankar Prasad.				
Who is the author of the book 'King Lear'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Mahabharata'?	Ved Vyas.				
Who is the author of the book 'Meghdoot'?	Kalidas.				
Who is the author of the book 'Merchant of Venice'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Mudra Rakshasa'?	Vishakadutta.				
Who is the author of the book 'Odyssey'?	Homer.				
Who is the author of the book 'Oliver'?	Charles Dickens.				
Who is the author of the book 'Othello'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'Paradise Lost'?	John Milton.				
Who is the author of the book 'Pathar Pancheli'?	Bibhuti Bhusan Bandopadhyay.				
Who is the author of the book 'Pride and Prejudice'?	Jane Austen.				
Who is the author of the book 'Raghuvamsa'?	Kalidas.				
Who is the author of the book 'Ramcharita Manas'?	Tulsidas.				
Who is the author of the book 'Ramayana'?	Valmiki.				
Who is the author of the book 'Ratnavali'?	Harsha Vardhana.				
Who is the author of the book 'Robinson Crusoe'?	Daniel Defoe.				
Who is the author of the book 'Romeo and Juliet'?	William Shakespeare.				
Who is the author of the book 'My Experiments with Truth'?	Mahatma Gandhi.				
Who is the author of the book 'Three Musketeers'?	Alexander Dumas.				
Who is the author of the book 'Time Machine'?	H. G. Wells.				
Who is the author of the book 'Uttara Ramcharita'?	Bhavabhuti.				
Who is the author of the book 'Vanity Fair'?	William Thackeray.				
Who is the author of the book 'Yama'?	Mahadevi Verma.				
Who is the author of the book 'Untouchable'?	Mulk Raj Anand.				
Who is the author of the book 'Diplomacy'?	Henry Kissenger.				
Who is the author of the book 'Das Capital'?	Karl Marx.				
Who is the author of the book 'Satyartha Prakash'?	Swami Dayanand.				
Who is the author of the book 'Man of Destiny'?	George Bernard Shaw.				
Who is the author of the book 'Geet Govinda'?	Jaya Dev.				
Who is the author of the book 'Voice of Conscience'?	V. V. Giri.				
Who is the author of the book 'Rubaiyat'?	Omar Khayyam.				
Who is the author of the book 'Gitanjali'?	Rabindranath Tagore.				
Who is the author of the book 'Bharat Bharati'?	Maithali Saran Gupt.				
Who is the author of the book 'Wake up India'?	Annie Besant.				
Who is the author of the book 'A Passage to India'?	E. M. Foster.				
Who is the author of the book 'Indian Philosophy'?	S. Radhakrishnan.				
Who is the author of the book 'India Wins Freedom'?	Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.				
Who is the author of the book 'India Divided'?	Dr. Rajendra Prasad.				
Who is the author of the book 'Hindu View of Life'?	S. Radhakrishnan.				
Who is the author of the book 'Discovery of India'?	Jawaharlal Nehru.				
Who is the author of the book 'Arthashastra'?	Kautilya.				
Who is the author of the book 'War and Peace'?	Leo Tolstoy.				
Who is the author of the book 'Panchtantra'?	Vishnu Sharma.				
Who is the author of the book 'Malgudi Days'?	R. K. Narayan.				
Who is the author of the book 'The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer'?	Siddhartha Mukherjee (won Pulitzer Prize for it)				
Who is the author of the book 'Wide Angle'?	Anil Kumble				
Who is the author of the book 'River of Smoke'?	Amitava Ghosh				
Who is the author of the book 'Controversially Yours'?	Shoaib Akhtar				
Who is the author of the book '1283'?	Pele				
Who is the author of the book 'A Leaf Turns Yellow: The Sufis of Awadh'?	Muzaffar Ali				
Who is the author of the book 'An Uncertain Glory: India and Its Contradictions'?	Amartya Sen & Jean Dreze				
Who is the author of the book 'The Casual Vacancy'?	J. K. Rowling				
Who is the author of the book 'Dare To Do! For The New Generation'?	Kiran Bedi				
Who is the author of the book 'Dhyan Chand-The Wizard of Hockey'?	Luis Fernandes				
Who is the author of the book 'Gandhi Before India'?	Ramchandra Guha				
Who is the author of the book 'Half A Rupee Stories'?	Gulzar				
Who is the author of the book 'How Not To Make Money'?	Raj Kundra				
Who is the author of the book 'I am Malala'?	Malala Yousafzai				
Who is the author of the book 'Maharani'?	Ruskin Bond				
'Who is the author of the book 'My Journey Transforming Dreams Into Actions'?	Abdul Kalam				
Who is the author of the book 'Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists'?	Raghuram Rajan				
Who is the author of the book 'Satyagraha - The Story Behind Revolution'?	Prakash Jha				
Who is the author of the book 'The Lowland'?	Jhumpa Lahiri				
Who is the author of the book 'The Race of My Life'?	Milkha Singh				
Adolf Hitler	Fuhrer				
Florence Nightingale	Lady with the Lamp				
Geoffrey Chaucer	Father of English Literature				
Joan of Arc	Maid of Orleans				
Lal Bahadur Shastri	Man of Peace				
Napolean Bonaparte	Little Corporal				
Otto von Bismarck	Man of Blood and Iron				
Samuel Langhorne Clemens	Mark Twain				
Sheik Mohammad Abdullah	Lion of Kashmir				
Sheikh Mujibur Rahman	Bangabandhu				
Tenzing Norgay	Tiger of Snow				
Madan Mohan Malviya	Mahamana				
Lala Lajpat Rai	Punjab Kesari				
Kapil Dev	Haryana Hurricane				
Sarojini Naidu	Nightingale of India				
Sardar Vallabhai Patel	Man of Iron or Bismarck of India				
Sunil Gavaskar	Little Master or Sunny				
Walter Scott	Wizard of the North				
Dadabhai Naoroji	Grand Old Man of India				
Chittaranjan Das	Deshbandhu				
Bal Gangadhar Tilak	Lokmanya				
William Shakespeare	Bard of Avon				
Rabindra Nath Tagore	Gurudev				
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi	Father of the Nation				
Subhas Chandra Bose	Netaji				
Jawahar Lal Nehru	Panditji or Chacha Nehru				
Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi	Tiger				
Sachin Tendulkar	Master Blaster				
Rahul Dravid	The Wall				
Jayaprakash Narayan	Loknayak				
Japan	Judo.				
England	Cricket.				
Spain	Bull Fighting.				
Sri Lanka	Volley Ball.				
Indonesia	Badminton.				
China	Table Tennis.				
Bhutan	Archery.				
USA	Baseball.				
Canada	Ice Hockey.				
Bangladesh	Kabaddi.				
Pakistan	Hockey.				
Scotland	Rugby Football.				
Germany	Football.				
Argentina	Pato.				
New Zealand	Rugby Union.				
Australia	Kangaroo				
Bangladesh	Water Lily				
Barbados	Head of Trident				
Belgium	Lion				
Canada	White Lily				
Chile	Candor and Huemul				
Denmark	Beach				
Dominica	Sisserou Parrot				
France	Lily				
Germany	Corn Flower				
Hongkong	Bauhinia (Orchid Tree)				
India	Lioned Capital				
Iran	Rose				
Ireland	Shamrock				
Israel	Candelabrum				
Italy	White Lily				
Ivory Coast	Elephant				
Japan	Chrysanthemum				
Luxembourg	Lion with Crown				
Lebanon	Cedar Tree				
Mongolia	The Soyombo				
Norway	Lion				
New Zealand	Kiwi, Southern Cross				
Pakistan	Crescent				
Papua New Guinea	Bird of Paradise				
Spain	Eagle				
Sri Lanka	Sword & Lion				
Syria	Eagle				
Sierra Leone	Lion				
Russia	Sickle & Hammer				
Turkey	Crescenet & Star				
United Kingdom	Rose				
USA	Golden Rod				
All India Institute of Hygiene and Public Health	Kolkata, West Bengal				
All India Institute of Medical Sciences	New Delhi				
All India Malaria Institute	New Delhi				
Bose Research Institute	Kolkata, West Bengal				
Central Building Research Institute	Roorkee, Uttarakhand				
Central Drug Research Institute	Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh				
Central Electro-Chemical Research Institute	Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu				
Central Electronics Engineering Research Institute	Pilani, Rajasthan				
Central Food Technological Research Institute	Mysore, Karnataka				
Central Fuel Research Institute	Dhanbad, Jharkhand				
Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute	Jadavpur, West Bengal				
Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants	Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh				
Central Leather Research Institute	Chennai, Tamil Nadu				
Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute	Durgapur, West Bengal				
Central Mining Research Station	Dhanbad, Jharkhand				
Central Road Research Institute	New Delhi				
Central Salt and Marine Chemical Research Institute	Bhavnagar, Gujarat				
Central Scientific Instruments Organisation	Chandigarh				
Central Marine Research Centre	Chennai, Tamil Nadu				
Central Research Laboratory	Chennai, Tamil Nadu				
Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology	Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh				
Council for Scientific and Industrial Research	New Delhi				
Central Research Institute	Kasauli, Himachal Pradesh				
Forest Research Institute	Dehradun, Uttarakhand				
High Altitude Research Laboratory	Gulmarg, Jammu & Kashmir				
Indian Cancer Research Centre	Mumbai, Maharashtra				
Indian Institute of Chemical Biology	Kolkata, West Bengal				
Indian Institute of Petroleum	Dehradun, Uttarkhand				
Industrial Texicology Central Centre	Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh				
Indian Institute of Science	Bengaluru, Karnataka				
Indian Institute of Sugar Technology	Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh				
Indian Space Research Organisation	Bengaluru, Karnataka				
National Aeronautical Laboratory	Bengaluru, Karnataka				
National Botanical Research Institute	Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh				
National Chemical Laboratory	Pune, Maharashtra				
National Environmental Engineering Institute	Nagpur, Maharashtra				
National Geophysical Research Institute	Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh				
National Institute of Oceanography	Panjim, Goa				
National Institute of Communicable Diseases	New Delhi				
National Metallurgical Laboratory	Jamshedpur, Jharkhand				
National Physical Laboratory	New Delhi				
Seismic Research Centre	Gaurividanur, Karnataka				
Bandipur National Park	Karnataka				
Buxa Tiger Reserve	West Bengal				
Bandhavgarh National Park	Madhya Pradesh				
Corbett National Park	Uttarakhand				
Chandraprabha Sanctuary	Uttar Pradesh				
Dandeli Wildlife Sanctuary	Karnataka				
Dachigam Sanctuary	Kashmir				
Dudhwa National Park	Uttar Pradesh				
Gir National Park	Gujarat				
Hazaribagh Sanctuary	Hazaribagh (Jharkhand)				
Indian Wild Ass Sanctuary	Rann of Kutch (Gujarat)				
Jaldapara National Park	West Bengal				
Keoladeo Ghana National Park	Bharatpur (Rajasthan)				
Keibul Lamjao National Park	Manipur				
Kanha National Park	Madhya Pradesh				
Karakoram Wildlife Sanctuary	Jammu and Kashmir				
Kaziranga National Park	Assam				
Manas National Park	Assam				
Mudumalai National Park	Tamil Nadu				
Nokrek National Park	Meghalaya				
Namdapha National Park	Arunachal Pradesh				
Nagarhole National Park	Karnataka				
Nawegoan National Park	Bhandare (Maharashtra)				
Periyar Sanctuary	Kerala				
Panchmarhi	Hoshangabad (Madhya Pradesh)				
Ranthambore National Park	Rajasthan				
Rohla National Park	Kullu (Madhya Pradesh)				
Sunderban Tiger Reserve	West Bengal				
Sariska National Park	Rajasthan				
Simlipal National Park	Odisha				
Tadoba National Park	Chandrapur (Maharashtra)				
Tadwai Sanctuary	Warrangal (Andhra Pradesh)				
Tungabhadra Sanctuary	Bellary (Karnataka)				
Bharatpur Bird Sanctuary (also known as Keoladeo National Park)	Rajasthan				
Chilka Lake Bird Sanctuary	Puri (Odisha)				
Ghatprabha Bird Sanctuary	Karnataka				
Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary (also known as Vembanad bird sanctuary )	Kerala				
Kaundinya Bird Sanctuary	Chittor (Andhra Pradesh)				
Mayani Bird Sanctuary	Satara (Maharashtra)				
Nal Sarovar Bird Sanctuary	Ahmedabad (Gujarat)				
Nelapattu Bird Sanctuary	Nellore (Andhra Pradesh)				
Pulicat Lake Bird Sanctuary	Tamil Nadu				
Ranganthittu Bird Sanctuary	Karnataka				
Sultanpur Bird Sanctuary	Gurgaon (Haryana)				
Salim Ali Bird Sanctuary	Chorao Island (Goa)				
Vedanthangal Bird Sanctuary	Tamil Nadu				
Highest Dam	Bhakra Dam (over Sutlej river in Punjab)				
Highest Waterfall	Kunchikal waterfall (in Karnataka)				
Largest Port	Mumbai				
Highest Airport	Leh (Laddakh)				
Largest Zoo	Zoological Garden (in Kolkata)				
Longest Dam	Hirakud Dam (over Mahanadi river in Odisha)				
Largest Museum	National Museum (in Kolkata)				
Largest Forest Area (State)	Madhya Pradesh				
Largest Cantilever Span Bridge	Howrah Bridge over Hooghly river, also known as Rabindra Setu (in Kolkata)				
Larget State (in Area)	Rajasthan				
Largest State (in Population)	Uttar Pradesh				
Smallest State (in Area)	Goa				
Smallest State (in Population)	Sikkim				
Highest Gateway	Buland Darwaja, Fatehpur Sikri (Agra)				
Largest Salt Water Lake	Chilka Lake (in Odisha)				
Highest Civilian Award	Bharat Ratna				
Largest Gurudwara	Golden Temple, Amritsar (in Punjab)				
Largest Church	Saint Cathedral (in Goa)				
Longest Beach	Marina Beach (in Chennai)				
Highest Battle Field	Siachin Glacier				
Most Dense State	Bihar				
Longest River Bridge	Mahatma Gandhi Setu, Patna				
Longest River	Ganga				
Longest Tributary River	Yamuna				
Longest River of South India	Godavari				
Longest Tunnel	Jawahar Tunnel (in Jammu and Kashmir)				
Longest National Highway	NH-7 (Varanasi to Kanyakumari)				
Highest Mountain Peak	K2, also known as Godwin Austin				
Longest Road	Grand Trunk Road				
Largest Mosque	Jama Masjid (in Delhi)				
Longest Railway Route	From Jammu to Kanyakumari				
Largest Delta	Sunderban Delta (in West Bengal)				
Largest Cave Temple	Kailash Temple, Ellora (in Maharashtra)				
Heaviest Rainfall	Cherrapunji, earlier it was Mawsynram (in Meghalaya)				
Longest Railway Platform	Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh)				
Largest Bank of India	State Bank of India				
Highest Gallantry Award	Paramvir Chakra				
Largest Planetarium	Birla Planetarium (in Kolkata)				
Largest Cattle Fair	Sonepur Fair (in Bihar)				
Largest Dome	Gol Gumbaz at Bijapur (in Karnataka)				
Largest Fresh Water Lake	Wular Lake (in Kashmir)				
Afrikaans	South Africa				
Amharic	Ethiopia				
Arabic	Middle East				
Assamese	India, Bangladesh				
Azerbaijani	Azerbaijan				
Bengali	India, Bangladesh				
Burmese	Myanmar				
Belarusian	Belarus				
Burmese	Myanmar				
Chinese (Mandarin)	China				
Czech	Czech Republic				
Dutch-Flemish	Netherlands, Belgium				
English	UK, USA, Canada, Ireland, Australia				
Filipino	Philippines				
French	France				
Fula	Cameroon,, Nigeria				
German	Germany				
Greek	Greece				
Hausa	Nigeria, Cameroon				
Hindi	India				
Hungarian or Magyar	Hungary				
Ibo or Igbo	Niger, Nigeria				
Italian	Italy				
Japanese	Japan				
Javanese	Indonesia				
Kiswahili (Swahili)	Kenya, Zaire, Uganda, Tanzania				
Korean	Korea				
Kurdish	South-West of Caspian Sea				
Malay	Indonesia				
Min	China, Taiwan, Malaysia				
Nepali	Nepal, India, Bhutan				
Persian	Iran, Afghanistan				
Polish	Poland				
Portuguese	Portugal				
Punjabi	India, Pakistan				
Pushtu	Afghanistan				
Romanian	Romania				
Russian	Russia				
Serbo-Croatian	North-west Balkan Area				
Sindhi	India, Pakistan				
Sinhalese	Sri Lanka				
Spanish	Spain, Latin America				
Sundanese	Indonesia				
Tamil	India, Sri Lanka				
Thai	Thailand				
Turkish	Turkey				
Ukrainian	Ukraine, Russia, Poland				
Urdu	Pakistan, India				
Uzbek	Uzbekistan				
Vietnamese	Vietnam				
Yoruba	Nigeria, Zou, Benin				
Who was the temporary President of the Constituent Assembly?	Dr. Sachchidananda Sinha.				
Who was the permanent President of the Constituent Assembly?	Dr. Rajendra Prasad.				
Who was the Chairman of the Drafting Committee?	Dr. B. R. Ambedkar.				
Who was the legal advisor of the Constituent Assembly?	B. N. Rao.				
How long the Constituent Assembly took to prepare the Indian Constitution, the largest in the world?	2 year 11 month and 18 days.				
Indian Constitution was adopted by the Government of India on?	26 November 1949.				
Indian Constitution was enforced by the Government of India on?	26 January 1950.				
Part III (article 12 - 35) of the Constitution deals with?	Fundamental Right.				
Which article contains Right to freedom of speech?	Article 19.				
After which amendment Right to Property became a legal right?	44th Amendment.				
Which Article describes the election of President?	Article 55.				
The term of the president is?	5 years.				
Which Articel lays down the procedure for impeachment of the President?	Article 61.				
Who is the ex-officio chairman of the Council of States (Rajya Sabha)?	Vice-President.				
Who is the authority to decide any dispute in connection with the election of the President and the Vice-President?	The Supreme Court of India.				
Who gave advice to the Government of India upon legal matters?	Attorney General of India.				
Who is the authority to decide whether the introduced bill is a Money Bill or not?	Speaker of the Lok Sabha.				
A bill which is related with revenue and expenditure of the Government is called?	Finance Bill.				
The term of members of Rajya Sabha is?	6 years.				
How many members are nominated by the President in the Rajya Sabha?	12 members.				
How many members are nominated by the President in the Lok Sabha?	2 members (Anglo-Indian).				
The retirement age of the judges of the Supreme Court is?	65 years.				
The retirement age of the judges of the High Court is?	62 years.				
Which Articles provide special status to Jammu and Kashmir?	Article 370.				
Under which Article powers and duties of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India are described?	Article 149 and 150.				
Under which Article reports of the CAG relating to the union are submitted to the President?	Article 151.				
In which year Election Commission of India was established?	25 January 1950.				
Who was the first Vice-President of India?	S. Radhakrishnan.				
Who was the first woman judge of the Supreme Court?	M. Fathima Beevi.				
In which year first Lok Sabha election was held?	1952				
The constitutional provision 'Concurrent List' was borrowed from which country?	Australia.				
The model code of conduct for political parties and candidates to be followed during election is specified in?	Representation of the People Act, 1951.				
Who is the Chairman of Lok Sabha?	Speaker.				
Which articles empowers the President to appoint Prime Minister of India?	Article 75.				
Which has the most profound influence in framing the India Constitution?	The Government of India Act, 1935.				
Who is the Chairman of the National Integration Council?	Prime Minister of India.				
In the Union Government the council of Ministers is collectively responsible to?	Lok Sabha.				
In India when both offices of President and Vice-President happen to be vacant simultaneously who will discharge the duties of the President?	Chief Justice of India.				
Who determines the salaries and allowances of the members of the Parliament in India?	Parliament by Law.				
British Parliament passed the Indian Independence Act on?	18 July 1947.				
Total number of Fundamental Rights in Constitution of India are?	6				
Total number of Schedule in Constitution of India are?	12				
Which Article of the Constitution defines Panchayat Raj?	Article 243.				
Under Constitutional Article 343, which is the official language of the Union?	Hindi and English.				
Which community gets special provision for Central Services in Article 336?	Anglo-Indian community.				
Which Constitutional Article lays down the provision for a National Commission for SC and ST?	Article 338.				
Before the Independence of India, Dadar and Nager Haveli was under the administrative control of?	Portugese.				
Who decides allotment of symbols to Political Parties?	Election Commission.				
Who has the authority to approve President rule in the state?	Parliament.				
Which Article specifies the number of seats for the Rajya Sabha?	Article 80				
Which Article specifies the number of seats for the Rajya Sabha?	Article 80				
Which Article specifies the number of seats for the Lok Sabha?	Article 81				
Which Article refers to Imposition of President\'s rule in States?	Article 356				
Which Schedule contains list of recognised languages of India?	Schedule 8				
Which Schedule contains the power, authorities and responsibilities of Panchayats?	Schedule 11				
With which Amendment to the Constitution Sikkim was made a full-fledged State of Indian Union?	36th Amendment, 1975				
The word 'Minority' appears in which article of the Indian Constitution?	Article 29				
By which Amendment voting age was reduced from 21 to 18?	61st Amendment, 1989				
The concept of welfare state is included in the constitution of India in the?	Directive Principle of State Policy				
The retirement age of Member of the State Public Service Commission is?	60 years				
the concept of single citizenship is adopted from which country?	Britain				
How many Fundamental Duties have been incorporated in the Constitution of India?	10				
From which fund unanticipated expenditure can be met without the prior approval of the Parliament?	Contingency Fund of India				
Which Articles of Constitution provides the rights of running their own educational institutions to religious minorities?	Article 30(1)				
The Constitution of India assures economic justice to its Citizens through the?	Preamble				
National Development council was constituted on?	1952				
The concept of "Minimum Needs" was an innovation of which one of the following Five Year Plans?	5th Five Year Plan				
The 97th Constitutional Amendment dealt with?	Anti-Defection Bill				
Who approves the Draft outline of Five Year Plan?	The National Development Council				
Which of Constitutional Provisions allows the propagation of one's own religion?	Article 25(1)				
Which Schedule contains distribution of legislative power between the centre and the states?	7th Schedule				
Which Right is enjoyed by the Citizens and Foreigners both?	Civil Right				
One-third of the members of Rajya Sabha retire every two years, True or False?	TRUE				
Kerala does not have legislative council, True or False?	TRUE				
Under which Article the Provision of Contingency Fund of India has been made?	Article 267				
In which year Right to Information Act was passed?	2005				
The President of India can exercise his veto power in respect of?	Ordinary bills only				
What is the minimum duration of a stay necessary, before a person can apply for Indian citizenship?	5 years				
The chief source of political power in India is?	The people				
Which has the most profound influence in framing the Indian Constitution?	The Government of India Act, 1935				
Who was the last British Governor General who addressed the Constituent Assembly?	Lord Mountbatten				
Which Article mentioned the post of the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha?	Article 89				
In case President Rule in the state is not approved by the Parliament, for how many months the same promulgation shall last?	6 months				
To uphold and protect the sovereignity, unity and integrity of India, a provision has been made in the?	Fundamental Duties				
Article 356 of the Constitution of India deals with?	The proclamation of President's Rule in a State				
In what way the Finance Commission can recommend to the centre for transfer of resources to States?	Subsidy and tax share				
Which one of the Directive of Principles was not included in the Original Constitution, but was added by the 42nd Amendment?	To provide free legal aid				
Who has the authority to proclaim emergency in the States?	The President				
Who has the right to convene the Joint Session of the two Houses of Parliament in India?	The President				
The first Five-Year Plan in India was launched in the year?	1951				
Which Constitutional Article defines the Panchayat Raj ?	243				
What is the literal meaning of secularism?	Separation of Church from the state				
Which one is competent to amend the law relating to Indian citizenship?	The Parliament				
The Comptroller and Auditor-General of India acts as the Chief Accountant and Auditor for the?	Both Union and State Governments				
The Supreme Court of India consists of a Chief Justice and?	25 judges				
How many seats are reserved for Union Territories in the Lok Sabha?	15 seats				
In which article of the Constitution of India has the Joint Sitting of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha been provided ?	Article 108				
In the National Flag, which colour is used in the wheel?	Navy Blue				
After declaration of financial emergency by the President, what is the period of operation without approval by the Parliament?	Two Months				
Allocation of revenue between the Union and State Government is done by?	Finance Commission of India				
For the first time the President of India made a proclamation of emergency under article 352 in the year?	1962				
Which article of the Constitution describes the qualification of the judges of the Supreme Court of India?	124 (3)				
Financial Planning is included in the State List of the Constitution, True or False?	False, it is included in the Central List				
Indians should have a Constitution Assembly to frame a Constitution of India- this was put forwarded by?	M. N. Roy				
Minimum number of members required to form a meeting is called?	Quorum				
Right to Education for children was made Fundamental Right in the year?	2002				
National Women Commission was formed in the year?	1992				
Official house of the Election Commission of India is known as?	Nirvachan Sadan				
Organisation of village panchayat is mentioned in which article?	Article 40				
The annual Budget is normally presented in the Parliament on?	28th February				
The fundamental duties of Indian citizens were incorporated in the constitution in the year?	1976				
The power to prorogue the Lok Sabha rests with?	The President of India				
In which year State Reorganisation bill was passed by the Parliament?	1956				
The total number of High Courts in India is?	21				
The words - Socialist, Secular and Integrity were added to the Preamble of the Constitution in the year?	1976 (42nd Amendment)				
Under which amendment of the Constitution, the states were reorganised?	7th Amendment				
Which Act gave the authority to the British to elect the Government in the Indian Province?	The Government of India Act, 1935				
Which article of the Constitution is related to the Annual Financial Statement?	Article 112				
Who drafted the Preamble of the Indian Constitution?	Jawaharlal Nehru				
Who inaugurated the Parliament House of India?	Lord Irwin (1927)				
Who is known as the second law officer of India?	Solicitor General of India				
Who was the chairman of 13th finance commission?	Dr Vijay Kelkar				
Who was the first acting President of India?	V. V. Giri				
Who was the first Attorney General of India?	M. C. Setalvad				
Who was the first Chairman of Finance Commission?	K. C. Neogy				
Who was the first Solicitor General of India?	V. Narahari Rao				
Who was the legal advisor of the Constitutent Assembly?	B. N. Rao				
The Chief Election Commissioner of India holds office for a period of?	6 year or till the age of 65 years whichever is earlier				
In which year was Tashkent Pact signed between India and Pakistan?	1966				
The Sarkaria Commission was set up for the review of the relation between?	The Centre and States				
In which Schedule to the Constitution of India has the list of national languages been mentioned?	8th Schedule				
The Speaker of the Lok Sabha votes only in case of?	Tie				
Parliament has power to legislate with respect to a matter in the State List provided?	It is in the national interest				
Article 24 of the Constitution prohibits employment of children in any factory below the age of?	14 years				
Equal pay for equal work for both men and women is?	A Fundamental Right				
Which amendment of the Constitution reduced the voting age from 21 years to 18 years?	61st Constitutional Amendment Act, 1988				
Which Parliamentary Standing Committee is concerned with the regularity of the expenditure of the government?	Public Accounts Committee				
Who has been appointed as Chief of the Indian Army?	Manoj Mukund Naravane				
Which city has been adjudged India's cleanest city for the 4th time in the latest cleanliness survey of the Union Government?	Indore				
Which state secured first position in the recently released ‘India State of Forest Report 2019’ for the highest growth in forest area in the country? Andhra Pradesh (990 km) and Kerala (823 km) secured 2nd and 3rd position respectively.	Karnataka (1,025 km)				
Web portal launched for Delhi-NCR residents to track or block their lost/stolen phones. What is the name and address of this portal?	Central Equipment Identity Register				
	(www.ceir.gov.in)				
The deadline for linking Pan Card with Aadhaar has been extended till which period?	43891				
Who has been named as India’s first Chief of Defence Staff?	General Bipin Rawat				
Which state has topped the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Index for 2019-20?	Kerala				
Which Union Territory of India has topped the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Index for 2019-20?	Chandigarh				
Which Indian defence service has banned the use of Facebook by its personnel to prevent the "leaking" of classified information?	Indian Navy				
Which state government has withdrawn all cases relating to the pathalgadi movement?	Jharkhand				
Which Indian female chess player recently won the World Rapid Championship title?	Koneru Humpy				
What is the name of ISRO’s first solar mission that will help scientists study the solar corona?	Aditya L1				
Who sworn in as the new deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra?	Ajit Pawar				
Name the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader who has been sworn-in as the 11th Chief Minister of Jharkhand?	Hemant Soren				
On which day 'Good Governance Day' is observed in India every year?	25th December				
Which film won the Best Hindi Film award at the 66th National Film Awards?	Andhadhun				
Who won the National Film Award for Best Direction for his movie Uri: The Surgical Strike?	Aditya Dhar				
Which Indian Air Force aircraft was decommissioned on December 27, 2019?	MiG-27				
Name the cricketer who has become the first Indian bowler to claim 2 hat-tricks in one-day internationals?	Kuldeep Yadav				
Which Indian tennis player has announced his decision to retire in 2020?	Leander Paes				
Name the veteran Hindi and Marathi film and theatre actor who passed away on 17th December 2019?	Dr. Shriram Lagoo				
Which mobile service provider recently introduced Wi-Fi calling facility in India?	Bharti Airtel				
Former Sri Lankan opener batsman Sanath Jayasuriya's record of scoring the most runs in a year as an opener was broken by which Indian batsman?	Rohit Sharma (2,442 runs)				
On 25th of December which tunnel was officially renamed as the Atal tunnel and dedicated to the nation by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi?	Rohtang tunnel				
Name the noted Hindi writer who has been chosen for the 33rd Moortidevi Award 2019 for his work Asti aur Bhavati?	Vishwanath Prasad Tiwari				
Who has been appointed as Foreign Secretary of India?	Harsh Vardhan Shringla				
On which day National Farmers Day is observed in India?	23rd December				
On which day National Mathematics Day is observed every year in India?	22nd December				
To which country India gifted a Made in India patrol vessel named KAAMIYAAB?	Maldives				
Which railway station has been conferred with the Eat Right Station certification with four stars rating by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) as a part of 'Eat Right India' movement launched last year?	Mumbai Central				
Who has been awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award in the creative non-fiction category in English literature?	Shashi Tharoor				
On which day India observes Vijay Diwas every year to commemorate India's victory over Pakistan in the 1971 war?	16th December				
Who has recently announced his decision to step down as Mahindra Group Executive Chairman?	Anand Mahindra				
The Union Government has decided to sell its ____ percent stake in Air India.	100 percent				
Who has been named as La Liga's first India brand ambassador?	Rohit Sharma				
The Constitution (126th) Amendment Bill proposes to extend the reservation quota for SCs and STs in the legislatures by how many years?	10 years, till 2030				
Which Bollywood actor has been appointed by the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) as its brand ambassador?	Sunil Shetty				
India won maximum gold medals in which sport at the South Asian Games 2019?	Swimming				
Who has been appointed as the 24th Controller General of Accounts?	Soma Roy Burman				
Which language made its debut in the Rajya Sabha on December 6, 2019?	Santhali				
Which among the following disciplines has been introduced as a CBSE subject from 2019-20 academic year?	Artificial Intelligence				
Which country recently deployed first ‘Avangard’ Hypersonic missile in its defence system? Avangard is capable of carrying 2 megaton nuclear weapon at 27 times the speed of sound.	Russia				
What is the title of movie based on the life of Malala Yousafzai? The movie is scheduled to release on 31 January 2020?	Gul Makai				
Name the US astronaut who has created a new record for the longest single space flight by a woman breaking the record of 288 days held by Peggy Whitson?	Christina Koch				
Name the activist from Pakistan who has been named as the most famous teenager in the world by the United Nations in its decade review report?	Malala Yousafzai				
Name the tennis players who have been named International Tennis Federation's World Champions for 2019?	Ashleigh Barty (Australia) and				
	Rafael Nadal (Spain)				
Eight West African countries Mali, Niger, Senegal, Benin, Togo, Burkina Faso, Guinea-Bissau, and Ivory Coast have renamed their common currency CFA-Franc to ______.	Eco				
Who has been appointed as the Prime Minister of Cuba?	Manuel Marrero Cruz				
Name the European country whose football team has been named FIFA Team of the Year 2019 for the second time in a row?	Belgium				
Who was named the captain of the Wisden Test Team of the decade?	Virat Kohli				
Name the English cricketer who has been chosen as the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2019?	Ben Stokes				
Name the environmental activist from Sweden who has been named Time Person of the Year 2019 by Time Magazine?	Greta Thunberg				
Name the South African contestant who has been crowned Miss Universe 2019 in an event held in Atlanta, USA?	Zozibini Tunzi				
Which country has been banned by World Anti-Doping Agency for 4 years from all major sporting events for its alleged tampering with laboratory data by planting fake evidence and deleting files linked to positive doping tests that could have helped identify drug cheats?	Russia				
Name the US engineer who helped develop the barcode and who recently passed away at the age of 94?	George Laurer				
Name the Australian cricketer who has become the fastest to score 7000 runs in test cricket by reaching the milestone in 126 innings? He broke the record of Wally Hammond who had made 7000 runs in 131 innings.	Steve Smith				
Which country topped the medal tally at the South Asian Games 2019 with 312 medals including 174 gold, 93 silver and 45 bronze medals?	India				
Name the Prime Minister of Ethiopia who was recently conferred with the Noble Peace Prize 2019 for his efforts to resolve his country’s long-standing conflict with neighbouring nation Eritrea?	Abiy Ahmed				
Name the Indian-American CEO of Google who will soon take over as the CEO of Alphabet?	Sundar Pichai				
Which company has announced the world’s largest-ever Initial Public Offering (IPO)?	Saudi Aramco				
On which day United Nations Human Rights Day is observed across the world every year?	10th December				
On which day International Civil Aviation Day is observed across the world every year?	7th December				
On which day World Soil Day is observed across the world every year?	5th December				
On which day World AIDS Day is observed across the world every year?	1st December				
Name the new Chief Election Commissioner of India who will replace Shri Achal Kumar Joti?	Om Prakash Rawat				
Government of which state has announced jobs to dependants of martyred jawans?	Uttar Pradesh				
Name the former Chief Minister of Gujarat who has been appointed as the Governor of Madhya Pradesh?	Smt Anandiben Patel				
Name the Indian Naval Ship, the largest ship in the Navy and the country’s only aircraft carrier which was formally affiliated to The Bihar Regiment, a highly decorated and battle hardened Infantry Unit of the Indian Army and the No. 6 Squadron of the Indian Air Force that specializes in maritime strike operations and operates the Jaguar fighter aircraft?	INS Vikramaditya				
Who designed the theme of the official emblem of West Bengal, Biswa Bangla?	Mamata Banerjee				
Which State has decided to provide 1% parallel reservation for orphans in government jobs?	Maharashtra				
The reservation, termed parallel reservation, will be provided under the general category, which means the government won’t need to increase its caste reservation quota that has already reached 52%. Parallel reservation means, of the total jobs available under the general category, 1% will be reserved only for orphans.					
A Super Moon, Blue Moon and a total lunar eclipse was observed on?	31st January 2018				
In which state 7th edition of Rashtriya Sanskriti Mahotsav-2018 was held from 14th to 20th January, 2018?	Karnataka				
Who became the first Indian to win an international medal in skiing?	Aanchal Thakur				
She won Bronze medal in the slalom race category.					
Name the Oscar winning music director who was appointed by the Government of Sikkim as the brand ambassador of the State?	AR Rahman				
On which day the Anti-Leprosy Day was observed in India?	30th January				
The private sector bank which has become the first Indian bank to cross Rs. 5 trillion in market capitalisation at Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE)?	HDFC Bank				
The bank became the third firm after Reliance Industries (RIL) and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to achieve this milestone.					
Name the Member of Parliament who was awarded the Outstanding Parliamentarian award for the year 2017?	Bhartruhari Mahatab				
Every year National Voters Day is celebrated on?	25th January				
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K Palanichamy was presented with which award for the cultural heritage conservation activities taken up at the iconic Ranganathaswamy temple in Srirangam (Tiruchy) without altering its original splendour?	Unesco Award of Merit				
What was India's overall rank in the Environmental Performance Index 2018 according to a biennial report by Yale and Columbia Universities along with the World Economic Forum?	177				
Its overall low ranking, 177 among 180 countries, was linked to poor performance in the environment health policy and deaths due to air pollution categories.					
What is the rank of India in the list of world's wealthiest countries of 2017 with total wealth of $8,230 billion?	Sixth				
According to a report by New World Wealth, the US is the wealthiest country with total wealth of $64,584 billion, followed by China ($24,803 billion) and Japan ($19,522 billion).					
Name the place in Arunachal Pradesh where World War II Memorial Museum was inaugurated by Chief Minister Pema Khandu?	Jairampur				
It was built by the Union Culture Ministry at the cost of Rs 2.25 crore museum in memory of those who laid down their lives in World War II.					
Which application was launched by Ministry of Railway to track both passenger and freight trains over Zones/Divisions/Section?	Smart Freight Operation Optimisation & Real Time Information (SFOORTI)				
The application provides features for monitoring and managing freight business using Geographic Information System (GIS) Views and Dashboard.					
Government of which state has launched Mahatma Gandhi Sarbat Vikas Yojana (MGSVY)?	Punjab				
The objective of the scheme is to identify the poor and distressed households which have been deprived of the benefits of the various welfare schemes launched by the state government.					
Which Indian cricketer has been nominated for the Padma Bhushan award for the year 2018?	Mahendra Singh Dhoni				
Government of which state banned manufacturing, distribution, sale, purchase, display and advertisement of electronic cigarettes?	Bihar				
Online purchase of e-cigarettes has been prohibited, too.					
Which state will host the Mathrubhumi International Festival of Letters from 2nd to 4th February 2018?	Kerala				
Who was appointed as the Director General of Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI)?	Dilip Chenoy				
Who has been conferred with 1st Mufti Mohammad Sayeed Award for Probity in Politics and Public Life?	Nitish Kumar				
Name the former agricultural commissioner of India who passed away on 27th January 2018?	Dr Gurcharan Singh Kalkat				
He was one of the major pioneers and veteran who powered the Green Revolution in India.					
Who took charge as the Election Commissioner of India succeeding Om Prakash Rawat who was elevated as the Chief Election Commissioner of India?	Ashok Lavasa				
Which Indian metropolitan city has become the first one to get a floating market?	Kolkata				
The World Economic Forum has ranked India at which position on the Inclusive Development Index 2018?	62nd				
Government of which state has launched Zero Budget Natural Farming (ZBNF) project to promote organic farming among farmers of the state?	Himachal Pradesh				
On which day the National Girl Child Day is observed?	24th January				
India's first garbage festival Kachra Mahotsav 2018 was organised by which state?	Chhattisgarh				
Which film won the Best Film Award at the 63rd Jio Filmfare Awards 2018?	Hindi Medium				
Who won the award for Best Actor In A Leading Role (Female) at the 63rd Jio Filmfare Awards 2018?	Vidya Balan for 'Tumhari Sulu'				
Who won the award for Best Actor In A Leading Role (Male) at the 63rd Jio Filmfare Awards 2018?	Irrfan Khan for 'Hindi Medium'				
Who won the award for Best Director at the 63rd Jio Filmfare Awards 2018?	Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari for 'Bareilly Ki Barfi'				
Who is the new Director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC)?	S Somanath				
The severely-polluted Bellandur lake which caught fire recently is in which state?	Bengaluru				
Who was appointed as the Director-General of National Security Guard (NSG)?	Sudeep Lakhtakia				
Who won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award 2016 for Bharatanatyam?	Geeta Chandran				
Who has been appointed as the chairman of the newly-constituted Uttar Pradesh Subordinate Services Selection Commission (UPSSSC)?	Chandra Bhushan Paliwal				
In which state Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated state's first oil refinery?	Rajasthan				
Which country has become the first one to be connected to India's National Knowledge Network?	Sri Lanka				
Who has been appointed as the Governor of Madhya Pradesh?	Anandiben Patel				
Former Union minister Raghunath Jha passed away on 14th January 2018. He was a senior member of which political party?	Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD)				
Teen Murti, the historical war memorial in India has been renamed as Teen Murti-Hafia. The city Hafia is in which country?	Israel				
155th birth anniversary of which spiritual leader was celebrated in India on 12th January?	Swami Vivekananda				
Which Indian cricketer was named ICC Cricketer of the Year 2017?	Virat Kohli				
In order to provide more choice to citizens authenticating using Aadhaar, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDA) has introduced a new authentication method along with fingerprints and iris. What is this method?	Face Authentication				
Which railway station on Central Railway (CR) manned by a staff of 41 women has entered the Limca Book of Records for being first all-women railway station in India?	Matunga				
According to the World Bank what will be India's growth rate in the year 2018?	7.3 per cent				
Name the creator of iconic Old Monk rum who died recently at the age of 88?	Kapil Mohan				
Launched in 1954, Old Monk was for a long time the largest selling dark rum in the world.					
Name the IPS officer who has taken charge as the new chief of Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB)?	Abhay				
World Champion Saksham Yadav recently passed away in a road accident. In which sporting category he had won the 2017 world championships?	Powerlifting				
What is the name of the third state-of-art Scorpene class submarines launched by the Indian Navy?	INS Karanj				
What is the name of India's new fastest supercomputer?	Pratyush				
What is the name of initiative started by Union Sports Ministry to scout for talent at the grassroot level and provide it substantial long-term scholarship?	Khelo India				
How many digits are there in Virtual ID for Aadhar?	16 (random) digits				
The Virtual ID can be generated as many time as possible and the older ID gets automatically cancelled once a fresh one is generated.					
					
					
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS					
The 48th World Economic Forum annual meeting was held in which country?	Switzerland				
The 48th annual meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) was held in city Davos with the theme 'Creating a Shared Future in a Fractured World'.					
Which country will host the ministerial meeting of International Energy Forum 2018 from 10th to 12th April 2018?	India				
The New Zealand cricketer who has become the first in the world to score 3 centuries in international T20 matches?	Colin Munro				
He scored the centuries against India, Bangladesh and West Indies.					
The World Leprosy Day was observed on?	28th January				
The day is observed internationally every year on the last Sunday of January month to raise global awareness of Leprosy.					
Who won the Men's Singles title at the Australian Open 2018?	Roger Federer				
Who won the Women's Singles title at the Australian Open 2018?	Caroline Wozniacki				
Which country won the 5th edition of Blind Cricket World Cup 2018 by defeating Pakistan in the final by two wickets at Sharjah in UAE?	India				
Which country will host the 6th edition of ICC Women's World Twenty20 2018 from 9th to 24th November 2018?	West Indies				
Who was named as the captain of both ICC Test and ODI teams of the year 2017?	Virat Kohli				
He also won the ICC Men's ODI Cricketer of the Year award.					
To combat air pollution which country has build world's biggest air purifier - a 328 feet high tower?	China				
Who won the ICC Test Cricketer of the Year award?	Steve Smith				
Which country has granted citizenship to Wikileaks founder Julian Assange?	Equador				
Name the Singapore-based Indian-origin businessman who has been appointed as the Chairman of the Geneva-based World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)?	Sunny Verghese				
On which date the World Hindi Day (WHD) is observed every year to mark the first anniversary of World Hindi Conference (WHC) which was held in 1975?	10th January				
Which country has become the first country in the world to make equal pay for men and women?	Iceland				
On which date Assam government will observe 'Rhino Day' to generate public awareness on protection of the one-horned Rhino?	44096				
Name the former Cabinet secretary of India who passed away recently?	TSR Subramanian				
Which state announced a health-cum-life insurance scheme worth Rs 5 lakh for the farmers in the state?	Telangana				
Name the largest brackish water lagoon in Asia (India) which has emerged as the single largest habitat of endangered Irrawaddy dolphins in the world?	Chilika lake				
Against which organisation the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has launched Ombudsman Scheme for redressal of complaints against them?	Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs)				
Name the brand ambassador of Swachch Bharat Abhiyaan who passed away recently at Raipur, Chhattisgarh?	Kunwar Bai				
In which city the International Conference on Sustainable Biofuels (ICSB-2018) was organized?	New Delhi				
Name the legendary Bollywood actress who died in Dubai recently?	Sri Devi				
Reserve Bank of India directed all the commercial banks in the country to link Core Banking Solution (CBS) with which banking system by April 30, 2018?	SWIFT (Society for World Interbank Financial Telecommunication System platform)				
The annual joint military exercise Garuda Shakti-2018 started between India and which country?	Indonesia				
Who created history by becoming the first Indian gymnast to win an individual medal at the 2018 Gymnastics World Cup?	Aruna Budda Reddy				
Who became the first Indian woman to fly fighter aircraft after successfully clearing her first solo sortie on a MiG-21 'Bison' fighter jet?	Avani Chaturvedi				
What is the rank of India among 180 nations on the global Corruption Perception Index 2017?	81				
What was India's neonatal mortality rate in the UNICEF report on newborns?	25.4				
The World Congress on Information Technology was inaugurated in which city?	Hyderabad				
For which state the Union Cabinet approved the Silkyara Bend-Barkot Tunnel as part of 'Chardham Mahamarg Pariyojana'?	Himachal Pradesh				
Name the district in Bihar which has set a record by constructing more than 10,000 toilets in only 100 hours?	Gopalganj				
Which city hosted the 2018 Sanskriti Mahotsav 'Swachhagrah – Bapu ko Kaaryaanjali'?	Varanasi				
Which state launched the Fiber Grid (T-Fiber) program to offer affordable and high-speed broadband service across the state?	Telangana				
For which sector the Union Cabinet opened the commercial coal mining after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA)'s approval of methodology for auction of coal mines/blocks for sale of the commodity?	Private Sector				
Which online payment service provider has partnered with Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) for deployment of PoS terminals?	PhonePe				
The second defence industrial corridor to be built at an estimated cost of Rs 20,000 crore would be coming up in which Indian state?	Uttar Pradesh				
Which Indian public sector bank has detected India’s biggest bank fraud worth over 11,500 crore?	Punjab National Bank (PNB)				
Name the renowned Kannada writer and Jnanpith award winner who has been elected as the new president of Sahitya Akademi?	Chandrashekhara Kambar				
According to ADR report on current Chief Ministers of India, which CM is the wealthiest with the highest number of declared assets against his name?	Chandrababu Naidu				
According to ADR report on current Chief Ministers of India, which CM is the poorest among all the current CMs?	Manik Sarkar				
Which state government has banned the sale of loose cigarettes in the state?	Bihar				
Who was conferred with the 2017 Sahitya Akademi Award for Hindi literary work Vishw Mithak Sarit Sagar?	Ramesh Kuntal Megh				
Chandrasekhar Rath, the renowned Odia litterateur who passed away recently, belonged to which state?	Odisha				
Who became the first Asian as well as the first Indian to swim across the Ocean Seven?	Rohan More				
Which Indian cricketer became the first Indian to score a century in his 100th ODI?	Shikhar Dhawan				
What is the current Repo Rate, according to 6th Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement of Reserve Bank of India for FY 2017-18?	6 per cent				
National Productivity Day was observed on which day?	12th February				
Name the female (Indian) cricketer who became the first woman in the world to take 200 ODI Wickets?	Jhulan Goswami				
The Assam Government signed MoU with which cab operator for a pilot project of app-based river taxi services in Guwahati?	Ola				
NCERT recently tied-up with which company to teach a course on 'Digital Citizenship and Safety' to students?	Google				
Which state became the first to have Transgender Welfare Board?	Maharashtra				
Which online security campaign was launched by Google India recently?	#SecurityCheckKiya				
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS					
Which Asian country recently proposed removal of 2-term limit for President?	China				
Which country was elected as vice-chair of the global money laundering watchdog, the Financial Action Task Force (FATF)?	China				
Which country will host the 2018 SAARC Business Leaders Conclave?	Nepal				
Name the twenty-time Grand Slam winner who became the oldest world number one after he defeating his Dutch opponent Robin Haase in Rotterdam at the ABN Amro World Tennis Tournament on February 16, 2018?	Roger Federer				
Which country has for the first time allowed women to join the military?	Saudi Arabia				
Which country recently announced to impose 'carbon tax’ from 2019 to cut its greenhouse gas emissions?	Singapore				
Which nation topped the global Corruption Perception Index 2017?	New Zealand				
Which gulf nation is going to host its first-ever Arab Fashion week?	Saudi Arabia				
What was the theme of the World Day of Social Justice 2018?	Workers on the Move: the Quest for Social Justice				
When is the World Day of Social Justice observed every year?	20th February				
What is the theme of World Environment Day 2018?	Beat Plastic Pollution				
Which country will host the World Environment Day 2018?	India				
What was the theme of the 2018 World Radio Day?	Radio and Sports				
Which city hosted the World Sustainable Development Summit 2018?	New Delhi				
Which nation is the latest to withdraw from the UN refugee programme?	Tanzania				
The world's tallest hotel, Gevora has opened in which country?	Dubai				
Which United States space agency recently launched the world's heaviest rocket 'Falcon Heavy'?	SpaceX				
Who sworn-in as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve (United States) for a four-year term?	Jerome H Powell				
Name India's latest communication satellite which was successfully launched by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) using the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV-F08) from Satish Dhawan Space Centre (SDSC) in Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh?	GSAT-6A				
The satellite will provide a platform for developing technologies such as demonstration of 6m S-Band Unfurlable Antenna, handheld ground terminals and network management techniques. These are useful in satellite-based mobile communication applications.					
Name the Bollywood director who has been appointed as the new Chairman of central panel of 65th National Film Awards?	Shekhar Kapur				
Who took charge as the Director General Border Roads (DGBR)?	Lt Gen Harpal Singh				
Name the debt-ridden airline in respect of which the Union Government has decided to divest 76 percent stake?	Air India				
The carrier has been running on taxpayers' money, failing to profits in more than a decade. By the end of 2016-17, the airline had a debt of nearly 49,000 crore.					
In the wake of increasing crimes against women State Government of which state has launched '181-Sakhi', a toll-free helpline number for women?	Assam				
Which state launched India's first Insect Museum?	Tamil Nadu				
The museum displays insects as preserved specimens and models on their behaviour, habits and habitat.					
Based on published data of how many indicators the NITI Aayog launched the baseline ranking for the Aspirational Districts across five developmental areas of Health and Nutrition, Education, Agriculture and Water Resources, Financial Inclusion and Skill Development, and Basic Infrastructure.	49 indicators				
The ranking was released by Shri Amitabh Kant, CEO of NITI Aayog.					
The Department of Posts launched Cool EMS Service between India and which country?	Japan				
Which ministry tied-up with Skill India to support Saubhagya Scheme?	Ministry of Power				
Who has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Union Government's ambitious Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Mission (ABNHPM)?	Indu Bhushan				
The scheme has the benefit cover of Rs 5 lakh per family per year. The target beneficiaries of the proposed scheme are 10 crore families belonging to poor and vulnerable section.					
Who was appointed as the Principal Scientific Advisor to Union Government	Krishnaswamy Vijay Raghavan				
In which city Videsh Aaya Pradesh ke Dwaar initiative was launched by the External Publicity and Public Diplomacy Division of the Ministry of External Affairs?	Hyderabad				
World's longest sandstone cave named Krem Puri with length of 24.5 km, almost three times that of Mt Everest was discovered in which state?	Meghalaya				
With which public sector company ISRO has tied up with for the production of space-grade lithium-ion cells?	Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL)				
Which authority termed interference by Khap Panchayat in marriages as 'absolutely illegal'?	Supreme Court				
The Union Government has declared 2018 as the National Year of ______.	Millets				
Government of which state observed the martyrdom day of Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru as 'Youth Empowerment Day'?	Punjab				
Kochon Prize is given annually for contribution to ending which disease?	Tuberculosis				
Madhya Pradesh has won the Geographical Indication (GI) tag for a black-feathered chicken breed known for its flavourful meat and found mainly in the tribal district of Jhabua. What is the name of this breed?	Kadaknath				
Name the former Karnataka High Court judge who has been appointed the new acting chairperson of National Green Tribunal?	Justice Jawad Rahim				
Which Indian naval warship was decommissioned on March 23, 2018?	INS Ganga				
Name the former Director of The National Centre for Biological Sciences who has been appointed Principal Scientific Advisor to the Indian Government succeeding nuclear physicist R. Chidambaram?	K Vijay Raghavan				
Which fruit has been declared as the official fruit of Kerala?	Jackfruit				
The aim is to promote this fruit as a brand in markets across the country and abroad, showcasing its organic and nutritious qualities.					
Name the eminent Hindi poet and Jnanpith awardee who passed away at the age of 84?	Kedarnath Singh				
Name the Indian sports person who has been chosen to be India's flag-bearer for the opening ceremony of Commonwealth Games 2018?	PV Sindhu				
In which country President Ram Nath Kovind has inaugurated the World Hindi Secretariat?	Mauritius				
Which team won the Deodhar Trophy 2018 defeating Karnataka in the final held at Dharamsala, Himachal Pradesh?	India B				
Which team won the Irani Trophy cricket championship defeating Rest of India in the finals at Nagpur?	Vidarbha				
The BJP leader who has been sworn in as the 10th Chief Minister of Tripura?	Biplab Kumar Deb				
Name the Union Territory which has become first in the country to run completely on solar power?	Diu				
Name the reputed Indian architect, known for designing iconic buildings such as Amdavad ni Gufa and IIM Bangalore, who has become the first-ever Indian to win the Pritzker Prize?	Balkrishna Doshi				
Name the Union Minister of Commerce and Industry who has been given the additional charge of the Ministry of Civil Aviation following the resignation of Ashok Gajapathi Raju?	Suresh Prabhu				
In respect of which disease, the Union health ministry has made mandatory for Doctors, retail chemists and pharmacists to notify every patient affected by the disease to their local public health authorities?	Tuberculosis				
With which international body India signed a cooperation agreement related to sharing of earth observation satellite data?	European Commission				
Name the National People's Party President who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya?	Conrad Sangma				
Name the National Democratic Progressive Party leader who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Nagaland?	Neiphiu Rio				
Who won the Nidahas T20 tri-series cricket tournament 2018?	India				
The tri-series tournament was held between India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.					
105th Indian Science Congress 2018 was held at?	Imphal				
Assembly of which state passed a bill proposing death penalty in rape cases of girls below the age of 12?	Haryana				
The government of which state has notified its decision to recommend the grant of minority religion status to the Lingayat community in the state subject to approval by the Union Government?	Karnataka				
Who was elected as the new President of Myanmar?	Win Myint				
In which nation, construction of the Arab world's first commercial nuclear reactor has been completed?	United Arab Emirates (UAE)				
Name the coach of Australian cricket team who announced his resignation following the ball tampering row?	Darren Lehmann				
Name the Australian cricketer who has been fully barred from holding any team leadership position in the future following the ball tampering row?	David Warner				
Name the captain of Australian cricket team who stepped down from his position after a ball-tampering row?	Steve Smith				
Renowned Mathematician Robert Langlands, who won the 2018 Abel Prize, belongs to which country?	Canada				
Name the captain of Australian cricket team who has been banned from playing international cricket for a period of one year by Australian Cricket Board following ball tampering row?	Steve Smith				
What was the theme of the 2018 World Tuberculosis Day (WTD)?	Wanted: Leaders for a TB-free world				
World Tuberculosis Day is celebrated on 24th March each year. It is designed to build public awareness about the global epidemic of tuberculosis (TB) and efforts to eliminate the disease.					
Name the Russian President who won historic fourth term?	Vladimir Putin				
What is the theme of World Meteorological Day 2018 observed on 23 March 2018?	Weather ready, Climate smart				
World Poetry Day is celebrated every year on?	21st March				
Against which country the United States has announced 60 billion dollar tariffs for its alleged unfair trade practices?	China				
Which team won the 2018 Sultan Azlan Shah Trophy defeating England in the final?	Australia				
Who has been appointed as the new National Security Adviser to US President Donald Trump?	John R Bolton				
Name the United States based social media company which has been accused of data breach in relation to the Cambridge Analytica controversy?	Facebook				
What was the theme of the International Forest Day 2018?	Forests and Sustainable Cities				
Name the Afghan cricket player who has become the youngest captain in international cricket at the age of 19 years 165 days?	Rashid Khan				
World Water Day was observed across the world on?	22nd March				
Name the world renowned physicist who died at the age of 76?	Stephen Hawking				
The British scientist was famed for his work with black holes and relativity, and wrote several popular science books including A Brief History of Time.					
Which film directed by Guillermo del Toro won the award for Best Picture at the 90th Academy Awards 2018 (Oscars)?	The Shape of Water				
Who won the award for Best Director at the 90th Academy Awards 2018 (Oscars)?	Guillermo del Toro				
Who won the award for Best Actor for the film Darkest Hour at the 90th Academy Awards 2018 (Oscars)?	Garry Oldman				
Who won the award for Best Actress for the film Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri at the 90th Academy Awards 2018 (Oscars)?	Fracnes McDormand				
Name the eminent Gujarati poet who was chosen for the 2017 Saraswati Samman, awarded by KK Birla Foundation?	Sitanshu Yashaschandra				
He was given the prestigious award for his poetry collection 'Vakhar'.					
Who is India's longest serving Chief Minister of India?	Pawan Kumar Chamling				
He became the chief minister of Sikkim on December 12, 1994 and recently completed 25 years of uninterrupted service in office.					
Name the northeastern state from which the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 (AFSPA) was completely removed after 27 years?	Meghalaya				
Which missile was successfully test-fired from the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas?	Israeli Derby Air-to-Air BVR missile				
Who has become the first woman lawyer to be directly appointed as the Supreme Court Judge?	Indu Malhotra				
The Union Home Ministry has decided to relax the 6 decade old Protected Area Permit regime in certain north-eastern states. Which state is still a protected area and is not included in the exemption?	Sikkim				
Which Union Ministry has recently launched Unnat Bharat Abhiyan 2.0?	Human Resource Development Ministry				
Which Indian city has become first to run on 100% Renewable Energy during daytime?					
By adopting renewable energy, the city is saving about 13,000 tonnes of carbon emissions every year.					
In which state Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Rashtriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan?	Madhya Pradesh				
Which city hosted the 2018 Secure India Conclave?	New Delhi				
2018 National Panchayati Raj Day (NPRD) is celebrated in India on?	24th April				
What is the theme of the 29th Road Safety Week?	Sadak Suraksha - Jeevan Raksha				
Who promulgated the ordinance to provide death penalty to rapists of girls below 12 years?	President of India, Ram Nath Kovind				
Which Information Technology (IT) company became the first listed Indian IT firm to hit USD 100 billion market capitalisation mark?	Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)				
As per International Monetary Fund's World Economic Outlook (WEO) report, what will be the India’s growth rate for the year 2019?	7.8 per cent				
Against which top Government official, the opposition parties of Indian Parliament submitted a motion to impeach him?	Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra				
Chief Minister of which state has launched the Pocket Cop Project in order to ensure that the police force of the state is equipped with modern day technology?	Gujarat				
Under the project, every officer in charge of the police station, Investigating Officer, PCR van and officials handling the passport verification process shall be equipped with a smartphone enabled with internet connectivity.					
Who was conferred with the 2017 Dadasaheb Phalke Award posthumously?	Vinod Khanna				
Which Indian actress got featured in the Time's '100 Most Influential People' of 2018?	Deepika Padukone				
According to ASSOCHAM Healthcare Committee report, in which state 88 percent of the people have Vitamin D deficiency that causes chronic muscle pain, spasms, lower energy levels, depression, etc.?	Delhi				
Who was conferred with the Dadasaheb Phalke Excellence Award 2018 for the Best Leading Lady (Critics Award)?	Aditi Rao Hydari				
How many gold medals India won at the recently concluded Commonwealth Games 2018?	26				
What was the position of India at the recently concluded Commonwealth Games 2018?	Third				
Who became the youngest Indian to win a gold medal in the Commonwealth Games 2018?	Anish Bhanwala				
Civil Services Day is observed every year on?	21st April				
Who was appointed as the Chairman of Bank Board Bureau for two years replacing Vinod Rai?	Bhanu Pratap Sharma				
Which film won award in the Best Hindi language film category at the 65th National Film Awards?	Newton				
Who was awarded with the Best Actress award in feature films at the 65th National Film Awards?	Sridevi				
Who was appointed as the new Chairman of NASSCOM for the year 2018-19?	Rishad Premji				
Name the former Managing Director of Intel South Asia who has been appointed as the new President of NASSCOM?	Debjani Ghosh				
She is the first woman President of NASSCOM.					
Which IIT institute installed India's first 5G radio laboratory?	IIT-Delhi				
It will help curb the emittance of radiation harmful to our health and will also allow less radio interference for better communication.					
Who was re-appointed as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Bandhan Bank?	Chandra Shekhar Ghosh				
Who became the only second Indian after legendary Milkha Singh to qualify for 400m finals in Commonwealth Games 2018?	Mohammad Anas				
Which navigation satellite was launched by ISRO recently?	IRNSS-1L				
Which state government has come up with Water ATM Policy to provide clean drinking water to people at public places in cities?	Haryana				
In which state, India's first high-speed electric locomotive was launched?	Bihar				
When was the GST E-way Bill rolled-out in India for the interstate transport of goods in India?	1st April 2018				
The committee formed by Government of India to examine the process by which the CBSE conducts examinations is headed by?	V S Oberoi				
Which Indian cricketer was honoured with the Padma Bhushan award in the 2018 ceremony?	Mahendra Singh Dhoni				
Who was the flag bearer of Indian contingent at the Commonwealth Games 2018?	PV Sindhu				
With which private sector bank the Indian army has signed a MoU on Defence Salary Package?	HDFC Bank				
Name the Virtual Assistant for banks that was recently launched by SIDBI on its foundation day?	Samridhhi				
What is the name of social media based remittance service launched by ICICI Bank for NRIs to transfer money using social media platforms?	Social Pay				
Name the mobile app launched by the Minister of Coal Shri Piyush Goyal for coal quality monitoring?	UTTAM (Unlocking Transparency by Third Party Assessment of Mined Coal)				
The app aims to help all citizens and coal consumers in monitoring the process of Third Party Sampling of coal across CIL subsidiaries.					
Which state won the 2018 Santosh Trophy by defeating West Bengal in the final held at Salt Lake stadium, Kolkata?	Kerala				
Which chicken breed from Madhya Pradesh recently got the Geographical Indication (GI) tag?	Kadaknath				
The chicken breed is in demand not only because of its taste but also due to its low cholesterol and high protein content. It sells at around Rs 500 per kg, which is around five times the price of normal broiler chicken.					
Which Indian State announced that cancer patients would be provided free chemotherapy treatment at district hospitals from June 2018 in 10 districts in the first phase?	Maharashtra				
The plan will start with hospitals in Nagpur, Gadchiroli, Pune, Amravati, Jalgaon, Nashik, Wardha, Satara, Bhandara and Akola.					
Name the Indian badminton player who was ranked No. 1 position by the World Badminton Federation?	Kidambi Srikanth				
He thus, became only the second Indian after Saina Nehwal to achieve this feat.					
Name the Indian tennis player who has become the most successful doubles player in the history of Davis Cup?	Leander Paes				
He recorded his 43rd win by pairing with Rohan Bopanna against China.					
In which city, Euro-VI grade petrol and diesel was introduced for the first time?	Delhi				
Name the project launched by Department of Posts for total digitisation of postal operations in the country?	DARPAN (Digital Advancement of Rural Post Office for a New India)				
Name the company which has signed a MoU with Ministry of Tourism to adopt Red Fort and Gandikota Fort for a period of 5 years at a cost of Rs 25 crores?	Dalmia Bharat				
What was the theme of National Maritime Day which was observed on 05 April 2018?	Indian Shipping - An Ocean of Opportunity				
In which country International Buddhist Conference 2018 was held?	Nepal				
Which African country recently made it legal to produce marijuana for medicinal and scientific purposes?	Zimbabwe				
Which country is not a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO)?	Israel				
World Malaria Day is observed every year on?	25th April				
What was the theme of the 2018 World Malaria Day?	Ready to beat malaria				
Which country received the highest remittances of 69 billion dollar from its diaspora in the year 2017?	India				
Who won the Paraguay Presidential Elections 2018?	Mario Abdo Benitez				
Which Asian country has agreed to halt its nuclear tests and ICBM launches?	North Korea				
World Earth Day is observed every year on?	22nd April				
What was the theme of 2018 World Earth Day?	End Plastic Pollution				
World Book and Copyright Day is observed every year on?	23rd April				
8th South Asian Judo Championship was held in which country?	Nepal				
Which mission was launched by NASA of USA to discover new planets outside the solar system?	Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS)				
The world's first female foreign ministers meeting will be held in which country?	Canada				
Who has been chosen as the new chief of US space agency, NASA?	Jim Bridenstine				
Which country recently proposed an Indian-Nepal-China economic corridor with multi-dimensional connectivity through the Himalayas?	China				
Who won the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service?	The New York Times and The New Yorker				
Which country recently honoured the first conquest of Mount Everest without bottled oxygen?	Nepal				
In this event, two climbers who were the first to scale Mount Everest without supplementary oxygen 40 years ago were honoured.					
Which nation is at the top of FIFA rankings as of April 2018?	Germany				
Which country hosted the 2018 Commonwealth Games?	Australia				
What name is given to the most distant star which was discovered by NASA at a distance of nine billion light years?	Icarus				
Who became the first female Head of UN political affairs?	Rosemary DiCarlo				
She replaced Jeffrey Feltman.					
Government of which state has constituted a state Animal Welfare Board?	Haryana				
Which state of India notified its separate state symbols post-split and creation of Telangana in 2014?	Andhra Pradesh				
Which Indian cartoonist won the award in the best caricature category at the 13th edition of the World Press Cartoon awards 2018?	Thomas Antony				
With which telecom company Patanjali has tied up to launch Swadeshi Samriddhi SIM cards?	BSNL (Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited)				
Initially, only the employees and office bearers of Patanjali will be able to avail the benefits of the SIM card.					
Government of which state ordered the permanent closure of Sterlite Copper Plant?	Tamil Nadu				
The plant is based in Tuticorin.					
Which city will host the main event of 4th International Yoga Day celebrations on 21 June 2018?	Dehradun				
Which Indian airport was recognised by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) as the world's first fully solar energy-powered airport?	Cochin International Airport Limited				
The Gaj Yatra was rolled out from which North-eastern state by Union Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) and the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI)?	Meghalaya				
The event involves taking an elephant mascot across districts frequented by jumbo herds for generating awareness among the people.					
Who won the International Cricketer of the Year award at the CEAT Cricket Ratings awards held in Mumbai on 28th May 2018?	Virat Kohli				
Who was appointed as the Governor of Mizoram?	Kummanam Rajasekharan				
Who was appointed as the first Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Reserve Bank of India?	Sudha Balakrishnan				
The first edition of Global Wind Summit will be held in which country from 25th to 28th September 2018?	Germany (City - Hamburg)				
On which date the National Anti Terrorism Day is celebrated in India every year?	21st May				
Name the oldest Indian woman who scaled the Mount Everest at the age of 53?	Sangeeta Bahl				
Which city is hosting the 3-day Smart Cities India 2018 Expo?	New Delhi				
The first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by Indian Navy's all-women crew was done by which Vessel?	INSV Tarini				
The all-women crew completed the expedition in 8 months.					
Who was appointed as the Chairman of Lalit Kala Akademi?	Uttam Pacharne				
Who was appointed as the Governor of Odisha?	Ganeshi Lal				
In which country India has launched its second IT corridor to cash in on the burgeoning Chinese software market?	China				
India's first national sports university will be set up in which state?	Manipur				
Name the steel company which through its wholly-owned subsidiary Bamnipal Steel Limited (BNPL), has acquired a controlling stake in the debt-laden Bhushan Steel by acquiring 72.65 percent stake?	Tata Steel				
Under this acquisition, Tata Steel acquired 79 crore share at Rs 2 each.					
Which city was named as the India’s cleanest city as per Swachh Survekshan-2018?	Indore				
The deadly Nipah (NiV) virus, a member of the family Paramyxoviridae, has been detected in which Indian state?	Kerala				
The Supreme Court has approved Centre's draft scheme on the management of which river's water?	Cauvery				
Name the Intellectual Property mascot that was launched recently by India?	IP Nani				
Who was appointed as the independent chairman of the International Cricket Council (ICC)?	Shashank Manohar				
The first-ever all-woman Post Office Passport Seva Kendra (POPSK) began operations in which city?	Phagwara (Punjab)				
Who was appointed as the Chief Minister of Karnataka?	H D Kumaraswamy				
Who was awarded the DRDO Lifetime Achievement Award 2017?	V K Saraswat				
Name the the founder of Sulabh International who was awarded the 2018 Nikkei Asia Prize in Japan?	Bindeshwar Pathak				
Which IIM institute launched USD 25 million Bharat Inclusion Initiative for startups?	IIM-Ahmedabad				
Who appointed as the new Minister of State in the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting?	Rajyavardhan Rathore				
Name the bank which was barred by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from extending fresh loans, under it’s prompt corrective action (PCA) framework, after the lender fell short of minimum capital adequacy ratio (CAR) requirement?	Allahabad Bank				
Who was conferred with the 'Excellent Woman of Excellence' award at the Women Economic Forum (WEF) 2018?	Nisha Bhalla				
Name the popular electronic wallet application in India, which has launched in-app automatic recurring payments 'My Payments' feature for making recurring, high-value payment and other monthly expenses in an instant?	Paytm				
India celebrates National Technology Day on which date?	11th May				
It is celebrated to mark the historic feat of test-firing its very first nuclear-capable missile back in 1998.					
Name the US company which acquired 77 per cent stake in Flipkart?	Walmart				
Name the nuclear weapon that was successfully tested at Pokhran Test Range on 1th May 1998?	Shakti-I				
Name the Bollywood playback singer and singer of a band known as 'Silk Route' who has been nominated as the Green Ambassador for Sikkim?	Mohit Chauhan				
Name the co-founder of Flipkart quit after acquisition of 77 per cent stake in the company by Walmart?	Sachin Bansal				
Which North-eastern state launched 'Go To Village' Mission recently?	Manipur				
Which city will host the International children's theatre festival in June 2018?	Kolkata				
India's tea industry reported the highest-ever production during fiscal year 2017-18. How much tea was produced during the yearr 2017-18?	1,325.05 million kg				
In which State, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has laid the foundation stone for NTPC's Patratu Super Thermal Power Project?	Jharkhand				
In which city ASEAN Indian Film Festival 2018 was held from 25 to 30 May?	New Delhi				
Name the former Bollywood actress who has been conferred BRICS Business Forum Leadership Award for lifetime achievement in Indian cinema?	Sridevi				
Which railway station in Assam has become the first in the country to run on solar power?	Guwahati				
Name the US based Kathak dancer who has been awarded the Sri Jaydev Rastriya Yuva Pratibha Puraskar 2018?	Anindita Aanam				
Name the city of Jharkhand where setting up of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has been approved by the Union Cabinet?	Deoghar				
Name the noted poet, lyricist and former Rajya Sabha MP who passed away on 13th May 2018?	Balkavi Bairagi				
Who won the Indian Premier League 2018 by defeating Sunrisers Hyderabad in the final?	Chennai Super Kings				
Who was awarded Player of the series (Most Valuable Player) in the Indian Premier League 2018?	Sunil Naraine (KKR)				
On which date the World No Tobacco Day is observed across the world?	31st May				
Who won the prestigious 2018 Man Booker International Prize for fiction for her novel 'Flights'?	Olga Tokarczuk				
International Day of UN Peacekeepers was observed on which date?	29th May				
The 2018 theme was UN Peacekeepers: 70 Years of Service and Sacrifice.					
Name the South-African cricketer who announced his retirement from all forms of cricket on 23rd May 2018?	AB de Villiers				
For his exceptional batting and fielding skills he is also known as Mr 360.					
Which country won the 5th Women's Asian Champions Trophy 2018 (Hockey)?	South Korea				
World Turtle Day was observed on which date?	23rd May				
Which country has launched the world's first floating nuclear power plant, Akademik Lomonosov?	Russia				
International Day for Biological Diversity was observed on which date?	22nd May				
The theme of International Day for Biological Diversity 2018 was celebrating 25 Years of Action for Biodiversity.					
Who has been appointed as the first female director of Central Intelligence Agency(CIA) of USA?	Gina Haspel				
World Telecommunication and Information Society Day was observed every year?	17th May				
Which comprehensive plan was launched by the World Health Organisation (WHO) to eliminate trans fat in foods by 2023?	REPLACE				
Who was appointed as the new Prime Minister of Malaysia?	Mahathir bin Mohamad				
Which country has announced withdrawal from the 2015 landmark nuclear deal with Iran?	United States of America				
Which country will host the 15th Asia Media Summit (AMS-2018) on 10th to 12th May 2018?	India				
The theme of the summit was 'Telling our Stories- Asia and More'.					
Name the former Chief Justice of Pakistan who has been named the interim Prime Minister until the general elections in July 2018?	Nasir ul Mulk				
Name the former Australian cricketer who has been appointed the coach of Australian cricket team in place of Darren Lehmann, who resigned following the ball-tampering scandal in South Africa?	Justin Langer				
Which country won the Thomas Cup badminton tournament (men's) for the 10th time defeating Japan in the final?	China				
Which country won the Uber Cup badminton tournament (women's) defeating Thailand in the final?	Japan				
The country won this title for the first time after 1981.					
Name the Nobel laureate from Bangladesh who has been awarded the 11th Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences Humanatarian Award 2018?	Muhammad Yunus				
National Statistics Day 2018 was observed in India on?	29th June				
In recognition of the notable contributions made by Late Professor Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis in the fields of statistics, statistical system and economic planning, Government of India in 2007, has designated this day as the "Statistics Day" in the category of Special Days to be celebrated every year at the National level.					
Which union ministry launched report titled 'Women in Prisons'?	Ministry of Women and Child Development (MWCD)				
The report aims to build an understanding of the various entitlements of women in prisons, pointing out that women in prisons face greater hardships than their male counterpart due to many factors such as social stigma.					
Which drug was banned by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for domestic use from July 2018?	Oxytocin				
Who was crowned as the India's first Tribal Queen?	Pallavi Durua				
The winner belongs to Koraput district of Odisha. The prime objective of the event was to promote tribal art and culture.					
Who was appointed as the whole-time member of SEBI?	Anant Barua				
Who won the best actor award at the International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) Awards held at Bangkok?	Irfaan Khan				
The award was given for his role in the film Hindi Medium.					
Which movie won the Best Picture Award at the International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) awards 2018?	Tumhari Sulu				
Who won Femina Miss India World 2018?	Anukreethy Vas				
Which heritage place have been adopted under 'Adopt a Heritage' scheme?	Red Fort				
Which committee was constituted by the Union Government to lay down standards for metro rail systems in the country?	E Sreedharan committee				
Who resigned from the post of Chief Economic Advisor of the Union Government?	Arvind Subramanian				
Sindhu Darshan Mahotsav is celebrated at which place in India?	Ladakh				
This festival of India is held every year on full moon day (on Guru Purnima) in the month of June.					
Name the renowned music composer who has been appointed as the Brand Ambassador of the Sikkim government?	A R Rahman				
The 23rd European Union Film Festival began in which city?	New Delhi				
Which IIT institute has developed Human Resource Development (HRD) Ministry's new initiative of National Digital Library of India (NDLI)?	IIT Kharagpur				
How many states signed a MoU with the Union Health Ministry for the implementation of Ayushman Bharat – National Health Protection Mission?	20 states				
To increase the state's green cover, the Punjab government launched a smartphone application that lets users order free plant saplings. What is the name of this application?	i-Hariyali				
From the app users can book a sapling of their choice, a maximum of 25 per person, from a nearby government nursery.					
Which state topped the Composite Water Management Index of Niti Aayog?	Gujarat				
11th World Hindi Conference will be held at?	Mauritius				
The Indian Army is observing the year 2018 as a special year to honour whom?	Disabled Soldiers				
Which country is selling six AH-64E Apache attack helicopters to India for USD 930 million?	USA				
Which city will host the 106th Indian Science Congress (ISC 2019)?	Jalandhar				
Ministry of Railways launched an app to enable its passengers to lodge complaints, be it over food quality or dirty toilets. What is the name of this app?	Rail MADAD (Mobile Application for Desired Assistance During travel)				
Ministry of Railways launched an app to enable its passengers to to see meals on offer and order it onboard train . What is the name of this app?	Meal on Trains				
What was India's rank in the Global Peace Index 2018?	136th				
In which city of India, first national police museum will be set up?	New Delhi				
The museum will depict the history, artefacts, uniforms and gear of central and state police forces.					
Which noted Indian social reformer and founder of Sulabh International has been honoured with Japan's prestigious Nikkei Asia Prize 2018?	Bindeshwar Pathak				
Name the indigenously developed nuclear-capable ballistic missile which was successfully test-fired from the Integrated Test Range on Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Island, previously known as Wheeler Island?	Agni-5				
Which Indian beach became the Asia’s first beach to get the Blue Flag certification?	Chandrabhaga beach				
The beach is located on the Konark coast of Odisha.					
From which country India is going to receive the first-ever cargo of Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)?	Russia				
The company, Gazprom, was the supplier of the LNG. India, which is world's fourth-largest buyer of liquefied natural gas (LNG), aims to diversify its energy import basket, which is dominated by coal and oil.					
Who is the only Indian sportsperson to be featured in the list of world's highest paid athletes compiled by Forbes?	Mahendra Singh Dhoni				
Based on the recommendations of which committee, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has announced to set up Public Credit Registry (PCR) to check loan defaults?	YM Deosthalee committee				
Under which article of the Indian Constitution, the Supreme Court allowed Union government to implement the reservation in promotion policy for SC/ST employees?	Article 16				
Which Indian state has recorded the best Maternal Mortality Ratio since 2013?	Kerala				
Who became the first Indian cricketer (female) to score 2,000 runs in T20 International?	Mithali Raj				
She achieved the landmark during India's seven-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the Women's Asia Cup T20 at Kaula Lumpur on June 7, 2018.					
The Union Government has constituted a group of eminent persons to study the Special Economic Zones (SEZ) Policy of India. Name the Chairman & Managing Director of Bharat Forge Limited who will head the group?	Baba Kalyani				
At which place in Gujarat world' first International Centre for Humanatarian Forensics was launched jointly by International Committee of Red Cross and Gujarat Forensic Science University?	Gandhinagar				
Which fruit has been declared as the State fruit of Tripura?	Queen Pineapple				
Which railway station in Uttar Pradesh has been renamed Deen Dayal Upadhyay Nagar Junction?	Mughalsarai				
Which country will host the 2018 ICC Women's World T20 tournament?	West Indies				
On which date Micro, Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (MSMEs) Day is celebrated every year?	27th June				
Which city hosted the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) Forum 2018?	Vienna				
Which country withdrew from the United Nations Human Rights Council?	United States of America (USA)				
On which date the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking observed every year?	26th June				
On which date the World Music Day is observed every year?	21st June				
Who was elected as the new President of Colombia?	Ivan Duque Marquez				
On which date the World Blood Donor Day is observed every year?	14th June				
Which G7 country has legalised the recreational use of marijuana nationwide?	Canada				
The G7 countries is a group of seven of the world's largest economies.					
What was the theme of 2018 World Oceans Day (WOD)?	Preventing plastic pollution and encouraging solutions for a healthy ocean				
Which country hosted the 18th edition of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) summit 2018?	China				
The 44th G7 summit was hosted by which nation?	Canada				
The member countries of G7 include United States, United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan. Last year G7 summit was hosted by the Italy.					
Which countries have won a united bid to host FIFA 2026?	USA, Canada and Mexico				
Who was elected as President of the 73rd United Nations General Assembly (UNGA)?	Maria Fernanda Espinosa				
She is the foreign minister of Ecuador. She will become the fourth woman ever to hold the UNGA presidency and the first since 2006.					
On which day World Day Against Child Labour is observed every year?	12th June				
Which country made a new world record of highest ODI score by scoring 481 for 6 against Australia?	England				
Which country was the global host nation for the 2018 World Environment Day which was celebrated on June 5th?	India				
What was the theme of the World Environment Day 2018?	Beat Plastic Pollution				
Which country won the maiden Women's Asia Cup T20 tournament defeating India in the finals held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia?	Bangladesh				
Second Anniversary of Surgical Strike carried out by the Indian army across the Line of Control (LOC) on terror pads on 29th September 2016 was commemorated as ____________ on 29th September 2018.	Parakram Parv				
At which place in India, Centre of Excellence for Data Analytics (CEDA) was inaugurated by Union Minister of Electronics & IT, Sh. Ravi Shankar Prasad on 28th September 2018?	New Delhi				
The Centre of Excellence for Data Analytics (CEDA) has been created to support government departments to unlock the hidden potential of the data that they are generating as a part of the governance processes, and use it to improve the overall governance.					
Which state bagged the first prize in the 'Comprehensive Development of Tourism' category in the National Tourism Awards 2016-17?	Andhra Pradesh				
Kerala came second, Rajasthan and Goa jointly won the third prize in the category.					
Which two cities were awarded the Best Heritage City award in the National Tourism Awards 2016-17?	Ahmedabad and Mandu				
The awards were presented by Union Minister for Tourism K J Alphons on the occasion of the World Tourism Day.					
Which Indian was on 26th September 2018 awarded with the prestigious UN Champions of the Earth Award 2018, the highest environmental honour of the United Nations?	Prime Minister Narendra Modi				
The UN Environment jointly awarded PM Narendra Modi and French President Emmanuel Macron in the Policy Leadership category for their efforts regarding the creation of the International Solar Alliance.					
Name the international airport of India which was conferred with the UN Champions of the Earth Award 2018 for Entrepreneurial Vision category?	Cochin International Airport				
The airport was honoured for its entrepreneurial vision and for its leadership in the use of sustainable energy.					
Which section of the Indian Penal Code, which deals with the offence of adultery, was held by the Supreme Court of India as unconstitutional and arbitrary?	Section 497				
The Supreme Court of India on September 27, 2018 struck down a 158-year-old penal provision in the Indian Penal Code that made adultery a criminal offence.					
The Supreme Court of India on 28th September 2018 has lifted ban on entry of women of all ages into which temple?	Sabarimala Temple				
4th edition of India International Science Festival will held at which place from 5th October 2018?	Lucknow				
Name the cricketer and weightlifter who was conferred with Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award 2018, India’s highest sporting honour?	Virat Kohli and Mirabai Chanu				
On which day Antyodaya Diwas is celebrated in India every year?	25th September				
The event is held every year to mark the birth anniversary of Deendayal Upadhyaya. He was the leader of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh from 1953 to 1968.					
Which authority recently said that the candidates contesting elections cannot be disqualified on basis of criminal charges?	The Supreme Court of India				
Which Assamese movie has been chosen as the India’s official entry to Oscars 2019?	Village Rockstars				
The movie directed by Rima Das has been chosen to represent India in the Best Foreign Language category at the 91st Academy Awards 2019. The movie also won the Best Feature film Award at the 65th National Film Awards.					
Which country will host the first-ever General Assembly of the International Solar Alliance (ISA)?	India				
Which state of India got it's first-ever airport on September 24, 2018?	Sikkim				
The state's dream of having an airport came true nine years after a foundation stone for the same was laid here in 2009 around 33 km from the state capital. It was India’s 100th functional airport.					
Name the short-range, quick reaction missile which was successfully test fired on September 20?	Prahaar				
The missile was developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).					
Under Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY), how much insurance cover will be provided to each family?	Rs 5 lakh				
In which country India is going to organise 'Gandhi March' to launch the two-year long celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.?	Netherlands				
Name the retired SC judge who will head the committee constituted by the Supreme Court of India to look into jail reforms?	Amitava Roy				
As per the latest data of the Law Ministry, what is the current ratio of judges in comparison to the number people of the country?	19 judges per 10 lakh people				
India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) tied up with which Insurance company to provide insurance to all?	Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance				
Medical Cyclotron Facility Cyclone-30 Became Operational at Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre (VECC). Where is this centre located?	Kolkata				
Cyclone-30, the biggest cyclotron in India for medical application became operational this month when 30 MeV beam reached the Faraday Cup for the first time in September 2018.					
Which digital payment gateway has received Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) approval to operate its own non-banking financial company (NBFC)?	PayU India				
The digital payments firm is owned by South Africa’s Naspers Ltd.					
The Union Government proposed to merge which banks to create India’s third largest lender?	Bank of Baroda, Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank				
The ministry of tourism in collaboration with other central ministries, state governments and stakeholders is organising a festival, Paryatan Parv 2018 across the country from the 16th to 27th September 2018. The festival will begin from which city?	New Delhi				
Which scheme was approved by the ESI Corporation for Insured Persons (IP) covered under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948?	Atal Bimit Vyakti Kalyan Yojna				
The 15th Pravasi Bharatiya Divas will be held in which city?	Varanasi				
The event will be held from January 21 to January 23, 2019. Its theme will be Role of Indian Diaspora in Building a New India.					
The Swachh Vidyalaya Puraskar is an initiative of which Ministry?	Ministry of Human Resource Development				
This Puraskar was launched as a follow up to the Swachh Vidyalaya Initiative started in 2014 by the Ministry					
Who has been appointed as the Chairman of Atomic Energy Commission (AEC)?	Kamlesh Nilkanth Vyas				
He succeeded Shekhar Basu.					
Which Bollywood actors have been signed as ambassadors of Skill India Campaign to promote and endorse the Skill India Mission?	Varun Dhawan and Anushka Sharma				
The actors will be seen in Hindi movie, Sui Dhaaga – Made in India.					
Which state launched Star-Rating system to rate industries based on the amount of pollutant generated by them?	Odisha				
The industry will be given star rating from one to five with the most polluting industry getting one star while the industry with highest compliance rate with pollution control norms will get five stars.					
Mountaineers Satyarup Siddhanta and Mousumi Khatua have created history by climbing Asia's highest volcanic peak Mount Damavand. Mount Damavand is in which country?	Iran				
The proposed Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar (BCIM) corridor will link Kunming City to which part of India?	Kolkata				
Name India's oldest research reactor which was shut down permanently in 2009 for revamp and has been recommissioned on September 10, 2018 with a higher capacity?	Apsara				
Who has been appointed as the 46th Chief Justice of India?	Justice Ranjan Gogoi				
He will assume his post on October 3. He will succeed incumbent CJI Dipak Misra.					
The Supreme Court has lifted the ban on the sale and manufacture of which popular FDC painkiller?	Saridon				
The Fixed-Dose Combinations (FDCs) are two or more drugs combined in a fixed ratio into a single dosage form.					
NITI Aayog and Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) collaborated with which organisation to set up a Model International Center for Transformative Artificial Intelligence (ICTAI) towards developing and deploying AI-led application-based research projects?	Intel				
This initiative is part of NITI Aayog’s ‘National Strategy for Artificial Intelligence’ Discussion Paper that focuses on establishing ICTAI in the country through private sector collaboration.					
Vijay Shankar Vyas, Padma Bhushan awardee, who passed away recently was related to which field?	Economics				
The government of which state on September 12, 2018 introduced electric vehicles for official use?	Jharkhand				
The state has become the fifth state of India and the first state in eastern India to procure the eco-friendly vehicles for government use.					
Which section of Indian Penal Code (IPC) deals with dowry harassment cases?	Section 498-A				
On which date National Hindi Divas is celebrated every year?	44088				
Sardar Singh, who announced his retirement recently, was the former captain of which Indian team?	Indian hockey team				
He made the decision after a disappointing Asian Games where India failed to defend their title and had to settle for a Bronze medal.					
Which Indian airport is set to become first in Asia to use face recognition as boarding pass?	Kempegowda International Airport in Bengaluru				
Bogibeel, India’s longest rail-cum-road bridge, is being built over which river?	Brahmaputra				
Who created history by becoming first Indian to win a medal in IAAF Continental Cup?	Arpinder Singh				
The 25-year-old won bronze in triple jump event while he was representing the Asia-Pacific team in the meet. The IAAF Continental Cup is held once every four years.					
With which Indian state, Nepal started its first bus service on September 11, 2018?	Bihar				
Which country was the top source of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in India in 2017-18?	Mauritius				
The FDI from Mauritius totalled USD 13.41 billion.					
The OBC population data will be introduced from which Census year in India?	2021				
Which Indian movie has become the first Bollywood film ever to release in Saudi Arabia?	Gold				
The film is a fictional re-telling of India's iconic win at the 1948 London Olympics. Akshay Kumar plays the lead role in the film.					
The government of which state has decided to distribute over 1 lakh pump sets to double the farmers income by 2022?	Assam				
The pump sets will be distributed under NABARD’s Rural Infrastructure Development Project.					
The first ever mid-air refuelling of the indigenously developed light combat aircraft was successfully carried out by Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd. What is the name of this aircraft?	Tejas				
The milestone was achieved when 1,900 kg of fuel was transferred from the mid-air refuelling tanker of IAF's IL78 to the Tejas LSP8 at an altitude of 20,000 feet.					
By how much per cent the Union Government approved a proposal by the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) to increase wages of artisans?	36 percent				
Which month was celebrated observed across India as the National Nutrition Month to mark the country's fight against malnutrition?	September				
Name the Indian sprinter who was named as the Sports Ambassador of Assam?	Hima Das				
Which state recently passed a resolution for establishing Legislative Council (Vidhan Parishad)?	Odisha				
Who was appointed as Chairman of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)?	G Satheesh Reddy				
Which team won the 2018-19 Duleep Trophy cricket tournament?	India Blue				
The Union Government has decided to make which scheme open-ended with more incentives to encourage people to open bank accounts?	Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY)				
The scheme was launched in August 2014 for a period of four years.					
Who has been appointed as the CEO and MD of Axis Bank?	Amitabh Chaudhary				
The recommissioned nuclear reactor Apsara-U is located at which place?	Trombay				
In which year was the Dakshin Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha established?	1918				
It was founded by Mahatma Gandhi with the sole aim of propagating Hindi in southern states. The first Pracharak Devadoss Gandhi son of Mahatma Gandhi.					
Name India's first lady IAS officer post-Independence who died recently?	Anna Rajam Malhotra				
She had joined the civil services in 1951.					
On which day World Rabies Day is observed across the world every year?	28th September				
On which day World Tourism Organization was observed across the world?	27th September				
Theme for 2018: Tourism and the Digital Transformation.					
Which Croatian footballer has won FIFA's best player of the year 2018 award?	Luka Modric				
On which day the first International Day of Sign Languages was observed across the world?	23rd September				
On which day the International Day of Peace observed was observed across the world?	21st September				
North Korea signed an agreement with which nation on the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula?	South Korea				
Which country will become the ninth one to launch its National Registry of Sexual Offenders?	India				
Who will be the first private tourist to travel to moon on Space X Big Falcon Rocket?	Yusaku Maezawa				
Which TV series won the award for Outstanding Drama Series at the 70th Primetime Emmy Awards?	Game of Thrones				
On which day International Day of Democracy was observed across the world?	44089				
Which country hosted the 2018 Global Summit on Climate Action from September 12 to 14, 2018?	United States				
Name the billionaire, Co-founder and Chairman of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba who would be retiring from his position in September 2019.	Jack Ma				
CEO Daniel Zhang will be the new Chairman of Alibaba.					
Who won men’s singles final in the US Open Tennis?	Novak Djokovic (Serbia)				
Who won women’s singles final in the US Open Tennis?	Naomi Osaka (Japan)				
On which day International Literacy Day is observed across the world?	8th September				
Which city is hosting the 2nd World Hindu Congress?	Chicago (USA)				
The World Hindu Congress (WHC) is a global platform for Hindus to connect, share ideas, inspire one another, and impact the common good. It is held once every four years.					
Who won the Pakistan Presidential Election 2018?	Arif Alvi				
The ruling Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's (PTI) candidate, Arif Alvi on September 4, 2018 won the Pakistan Presidential Election 2018.					
Name the cricketer who has been the former captain and highest run scorer for England in test cricket, announced his retirement from International cricket after final Test against India?	Alastair Cook				
Against which country the United States has cancelled USD 300 million in aid under the Coalition Support Funds (CSF)?	Pakistan				
Which country was severely affected by Cyclone Jebi recently?	Japan				
Which country won the South Asian Football Federation Championship (SAFF) 2018 by defeating India in the final?	Maldives				
Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka participated in the tournament.					
Asia Cup 2018 was held at which place?	Dubai and Abu Dhabi				
In which event the Indian team won their fifth consecutive gold medal at the 18th Asian Games?	Women's 4x400 relay				
The Indian women's relay team led by Hima Das clinched the top position in the women's 4x400 relay finals with a timing of 3:28:72. It was India's fifth consecutive gold medal in the event as India has been winning the gold in this event since 2002 Asian Games.					
Who created history by becoming the first Indian badminton player to win a silver medal at the Asian Games?	P V Sindhu				
In the final she lost to Taiwanese world number one Tai Tzu Ying (21-13 21-16) in Jakarta.					
Which Indian athlete ended India's 48-year wait for a gold medal in the men's triple jump event at the Asian Games?	Arpinder Singh				
India had last won a medal in this event in 1982 and the last gold medal came in 1970 which was won by Mohinder Singh Gill.					
Who became the first Indian female badminton player to win an individual Asian Games medal and the first Indian in 36 years to win a singles Asiad medal?	Saina Nehwal				
She won the bronze medal after she lost to world no.1 Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei in Women's singles event.					
Who was appointed as India's High Commissioner to United Kingdom succeeding Y K Sinha?	Ruchi Ghanashyam				
What percent of the demonetised currency has been returned, as per the Annual Report 2017-18 of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)?	99.3 per cent				
By which year ISRO will launch the Human Spaceflight Mission Gaganyaan?	2022				
Which software company launched Project Navlekha to help Indian news publishers to take their content online?	Google				
Union Government signed MoU with 6 states (Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Haryana, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh) for construction of Lakhwar Multi-Purpose Project in Uttarakhand. The project is constructed on which river?	Yamuna				
Which city is hosting SAARC Agri Cooperative Business Forum from 28th August 2018?	Kathmandu				
Who became the first Indian javelin-thrower to win an Asian Games gold medal?	Neeraj Chopra				
He broke his own national record by clearing a distance of 88.06m.					
Who became the first Indian to win an Asian Games individual medal since 1982 in Equestrian?	Fouaad Mirza				
Name the scientific adviser to the Defence Minister who was appointed as the Chairman of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) for a period of two years?	G Satheesh Reddy				
Where was the International Water Colour Festival 2018 celebrated to promote the rich art and culture of Jharkhand?	Ranchi				
Which city hosted the 3rd Indian Ocean Conference (IOC-2018)?	Hanoi				
Name the veteran journalist and former Rajya Sabha member who passed away at the age of 95?	Kuldip Nayar				
Some of the famous books written by him are India After Nehru, Between The Lines, India: The Critical Years and Distant Neighbours: A Tale of the Subcontinent.					
Who was appointed as the Governor of Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) succeeding N N Vohra?	Satya Pal Malik				
Who has become the youngest shooter at the age of 15 to win silver in the men’s double trap event in Asian Games 2018?	Shardul Vihan				
Which Indian personality was conferred with the prestigious World Health Organization (WHO) World No Tobacco Day 2017 Award?	S K Arora				
Which state has decided to rename its new capital Naya Raipur to Atal Nagar in honour of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, who passed away on August 16?	Chhattisgarh				
Who was appointed as the Governor of Sikkim?	Ganga Prasad				
The 6th International Buddhist Conclave 2018 was held in which city from 24th August?	Aurangabad				
The event was organised with an aim to encourage the prominent Buddhist heritage and pilgrim sites in the State of Maharashtra.					
For which upcoming election the Supreme Court has scrapped the use of 'None Of The Above' (NOTA) option?	Rajya Sabha election				
A Bench, led by Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra held that the NOTA option is meant only for universal adult suffrage and direct elections.					
Who has become the first Indian woman wrestler to win a gold medal at the Asian Games?	Vinesh Phogat				
High Court of which state has ordered the CBSE to publicise 'no homework, no bag' rule for Class I & II?	Tamil Nadu				
Who was conferred with the Rajiv Gandhi National Sadbhavana Award?	Gopalkrishna Gandhi				
Which Indian wrestler won gold in the 65kg men’s category on the first day of Asian Games 2018?	Bajrang Punia				
Name the indigenously developed Helicopter launched anti-tank guided missile which was successfully flight tested from Army Helicopter in the ranges of Pokhran?	HELINA				
The Barak 8 missile defence system is a joint venture of India and which country?	Israel				
The system is designed to defend naval vessels against incoming missiles, planes and drones.					
Which state will observe September as the "month of nutrition" to create awareness among people living in the state about nutrition?	Rajasthan				
Name the Managing Director and CEO of Allahabad Bank who was dismissed by the Central Government in relation with the Nirav Modi bank fraud case?	Usha Ananthasubramanian				
She had been MD and CEO of Punjab National Bank (PNB) between August 2015 and May 2017, before moving to Allahabad Bank.					
Name the former Indian cricket captain who passed away on August 15, 2018?	Ajit Wadekar				
He led team India to their first overseas Test wins in England and the West Indies in 1971.					
Name the former Lok Sabha speaker and the 10-time Member of Parliament (MP) of the Lok Sabha who passed away recently?	Somnath Chatterjee				
Which bank recently introduced Iris Scan Authentication for Aadhaar-based transactions through micro ATMs?	Axis Bank				
The bank is first in India to introduce Iris Scan Authentication feature for Aadhaar-based transactions through its micro ATM tablets.					
Which Bollywood actor was appointed by the Union Minister for Road Transport & Highways Shri Nitin Gadkari as the brand ambassador of road safety campaign in India?	Akshay Kumar				
Who has become the first woman chief justice of Jammu & Kashmir High Court?	Gita Mittal				
Name the former Prime Minister of India who passed away on August 16, 2018?	Atal Bihari Vajpayee				
Who won the Hindu Playwright Award 2018 for the play Untitled-1?					
Union Railways Minister Piyush Goyal announced a 50 per cent reservation for _________ in the upcoming recruitment of 9500-10000 jawans for the Railway Protection Force (RPF), in a bid to create more employment opportunities.	women				
Who has been elected as the new deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabha?	Harivansh Narayan Singh				
Name the DMK chief and former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister who passed away on August 7, 2018?	M Karunanidhi				
On which day 76th anniversary of Quit India movement was observed across India?	8th August				
On which day National Handloom Day is celebrated in India?	7th August				
Which committee recommended that Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) should seek power to tap phone calls?	TK Viswanathan committee				
The world’s first-ever facility to create thermal batteries was inaugurated in which state?	Andhra Pradesh				
What was India's rank in the Global Innovation Index 2018?	57				
The index was based on the theme– Energizing the World with Innovation.					
High Court of which state recently banned the commercial use of elephants?	Uttarakhand				
Who was awarded Outstanding Parliamentarian Awards for the year 2017?	Bhartruhari Mahtab				
					
					
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS					
Which country hosted the fourth BIMSTEC Summit from 30 to 31 August 2018?	Sri Lanka				
The 5th BIMSTEC Summit will be hosted by Nepal. BIMSTEC stands for Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation. It is a multilateral group of seven countries: India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, and Thailand.					
Which organisation recently launched world's first public blockchain bond named bond-i?	World Bank				
Bond-i is an acronym standing for Blockchain Offered New Debt Instrument.					
Which Asian country has imposed retaliatory 25 per cent taxes on US products worth 16 billion dollars?	China				
Earlier United States has imposed 25 percent tariffs on 16 billion dollar worth of goods coming into the US from this Asian country.					
Which country has launched its first state-of-the-art domestic fighter jet Kowsar?	Iran				
Name the Nobel Peace Laureate and former UN Secretary General who passed away on August 18, 2018?	Kofi Annan				
He was the only African to helm the post of United Nations Chief. He served for two terms from 1997 to 2006.					
On which day the World Humanitarian Day was observed across the world?	19th August				
Which country hosted the 11th World Hindi Conference?	Mauritius				
Who sworn in as the new President of Paraguay for a five-year term?	Mario Abdo Benitez				
Who sworn in as the 22nd Prime Minister of Pakistan?	Imran Khan				
On which day International Youth Day was observed across the world?	12th August				
On which day World Elephant Day was observed?	12th August				
Name the Indian American who is soon going to step down as Pepsico CEO after 12 years of helming the post?	Indra Nooyi				
Which country topped the Global Innovation Index for the eighth consecutive year in 2018?	Switzerland				
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has freezed its trade ties with which nation over its interference in Gulf Kingdom's internal affairs?	Canada				
Which country won the Women's Hockey World Cup 2018 beating Ireland in the final?	Netherlands				
The country won the world cup for the record 8th time.					
The Central Road and Infrastructure Fund (CRIF) has been brought under which Ministry recently?	Ministry of Finance				
					
Earlier the CRIF fund was under the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.					
Which private sector bank was awarded the best performing primary lending institution in Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme (CLSS) for the EWS (Economically Weaker Section) and LIG (Low Income Group) category?	HDFC Bank				
					
The award was given by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.					
Which software has been launched by the Union IT Ministry to enable editing of text printed on scanned documents?	e-Aksharayan				
					
The software can be downloaded for free from its website. The software supports editing in seven Indian languages - Hindi, Bangla, Malayalam, Gurmukhi, Tamil, Kannada & Assamese.					
Which country designated India as a Strategic Trade Authorization-1 (STA-1) country and eased the export controls for high-technology product sales to it?	USA				
					
With this, India has become the only South Asian nation to be on the list.					
Which Indian state will soon have its first 'cow sanctuary', a shelter for 10,000 bovines spread over an area of more than 220 hectares?	Rajasthan				
					
For the cow sanctuary a memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed with a private trust and it will be setup in Bikaner district.					
The Union Government launched the National Viral Hepatitis Control programme to mark the World Hepatitis Day, 2018. With this initiative, by which year the Government is strongly committed to work towards elimination of viral hepatitis?	2030				
Which committee headed by a retired Supreme Court Judge recently submitted its report on "Data Protection Framework" to Union Minister of Electronics and Information Technology, Ravi Shankar Prasad?	Justice BN Srikrishna				
					
The Committee was constituted by the Union Government in July last year to deliberate on a data protection framework.					
Which Government body has launched 'Mission Satyanishtha' to wipe out corruption?	Indian Railways				
					
The mission aims at sensitizing all railway employees about the need to adhere to good ethics and to maintain high standards of integrity at work. The daylong event was held on 27th July 2018 at National Rail Museum, New Delhi.					
In which state over 40 Lakh people were left out of the final draft of National Register of Citizens (NRC)?	Assam				
					
The list verifies 2.89 crore people, out of the 3.29 crore who had applied, as legal citizens of India.					
The Department of Telecom in July 2018 approved merger of which two telecom companies?	Vodafone India and Idea Cellular				
					
The merger will create the country's biggest telecom operator and it will dislodge Bharti Airtel, the current market leader with 344 million customers, from its pole position.					
Which state government has decided to take up census for backward classes?	Telangana				
Name the Indians who won the 2018 Ramon Magsaysay Award, the Asian version of the Nobel Prize?	Bharat Vatwani and Sonam Wangchuk				
On which day the Kargil Vijay Diwas is celebrated every year in India?	26th July				
The Union government constituted which high-level committee to check mob lynching?	Rajiv Gauba committee				
Which city will host the 3rd edition of Kabira festival 2018?	Varanasi				
					
The festival celebrates the spirit of 15th-century mystic poet Kabir.					
Which city hosted the 18th International Children's Film Festival?	Kolkata				
In which city NABARD launched the South East Asia's first-ever Centre for Climate Change (CCC)?	Lucknow				
	Telugu Desam Party (TDP)				
Congress, CPI, CPI (M), TMC and AAP supported the motion.					
In which bank the LIC board has approved acquisition of up to 51 per cent stake?					
	IDBI Bank				
LIC stake buy will help the debt-ridden state-owned bank to get capital support of Rs 10,000 to Rs 13,000 crore.					
Rita Bhaduri, who passed away recently, belonged to which field?					
In respect of which temple the Supreme Court has observed that women also have the fundamental right to enter it?	Films				
On 17th July 2018, who was appointed by the Assam's Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal as the sports ambassador of Assam?	Sabarimala				
	Hima Das				
She created history by winning gold in women's 400m event at IAAF World Under-20 Championships at Tampere in Finland.					
Which company has opened the world's largest mobile factory in India?					
Which Indian athlete won the gold medal in javelin throw at the Sotteville Athletics meet in France?	Samsung				
The Government of which state has granted religious minority status to Jewish community living in the state?	Neeraj Chopra				
Which state topped the Ease of Doing Business Rankings in the recently released Business Reform Action Plan?	Gujarat				
	Andhra Pradesh				
The ranking, which was introduced in 2015 with 285 action points, expanded to 372 measures in 2017 spread across 12 areas, including registering property, paying taxes and labour regulation enablers.					
Who was appointed as the Chairperson of the National Green Tribunal (NGT)?					
	Adarsh Kumar Goel				
The NGT disposes cases relating to environmental protection and conservation of forests and other natural resources.					
Name the telecom company which has unveiled first internet telephony service in the country that will allow users to dial any telephone number in India through its mobile app Wings?					
The Union Government has set up a high-level task force to identify various items and policy interventions to reduce dependence on import. Name the Cabinet Secretary who will be the chairman of this task force?	BSNL				
Which state recently launched the 'Anna Canteens' across the state which will offer subsidised food to the poor?	P K Sinha				
	Andhra Pradesh				
About 100 canteens were opened in 35 Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) across Andhra Pradesh in the first phase. They would serve breakfast, lunch and dinner for just ₹5 a plate on week days.					
India overtook which country to become world's sixth-largest economy in terms of Gross Domestic Product (GDP), according to figures released by World Bank?					
	France				
As per World Bank report, India's GDP reached $2.597 trillion in 2017, while it was at US $2.582 trillion for France. The United States, China, Japan, Germany and the United Kingdom occupy top 5 places with GDP of US $19.390 trillion, US $12.237 trillion, US $4.872 trillion, US $3.677 trillion, US $2.622 trillion respectively.					
Rajya Sabha has, for the first time in 76 years since it came into being, entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with a foreign counterpart for promoting inter-parliamentary dialogue. Who became the first Chairman of Rajya Sabha to sign such an agreement when he inked an MOU with the visiting President of the Senate of the Republic of Rwanda, Mr. Bernard Makuza?					
Who became the first Indian to win a gold in the vault event of the Gymnastics World Challenge Cup 2018?	Venkaiah Naidu				
	Dipa Karmakar				
The world cup was held at Mersin, Turkey.					
High Court of which state accorded the status of 'legal person or entity' to animals in the State?					
	Uttarakhand				
According to the High Court, animals have a distinct persona with corresponding rights, duties and liabilities of a living person.					
Name the mobile application which was launched by the Election Commission of India (ECI) for people to report model code violations during elections?					
Who was appointed as the Director General of Ordnance Factories (DGOF) & Chairman of the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB)?	cVigil				
Which veteran cricketer became the fifth Indian player to be named in the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame?	P K Shrivastava				
Which State has decided to celebrated Independence Day of India as Shaheed Samman Diwas to honour martyrs?	Madhya Pradesh				
Who sworn-in as the new Prime Minister of Pakistan?	Imran Khan				
He is the leader of Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf party.					
On which date World Hepatitis Day was observed across the world?					
The theme for the year 2018 was "Test. Treat. Hepatitis".	28th July				
Which city hosted the BRICS Summit 2018?					
Which planet make its closest approach to Earth in last 15 years on July 31, 2018?					
On that day, the two planets will be just 57.6 million kilometres apart.	Johannesburg				
Name the official mascots of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games to be held in Japan?	Mars				
Named the world renowned football player who has quit his national team citing racism as a reason?					
					
He played for Germany. He was also a member of the Germany squad that went out of the World Cup finals in Russia at the group stage and faced heavy criticism for his both performances and his meeting with Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.	Miraitowa and Someity				
In which country the 4th BIMSTEC Summit 2018 will be held from August 30 to 31, 2018?	Mesut Ozil				
Which country took the seat vacated by United States at the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC)?					
					
The United States had left the UNHRC in June, 2018 calling it a cesspool of political bias for its criticism of Israeli regime's crimes against Palestinians.	Nepal				
Who won the Golden Boot award in the FIFA Football World Cup 2018?	Iceland				
Who won the Golden Ball award in the FIFA Football World Cup 2018?					
Who won the Golden Glove award in the FIFA Football World Cup 2018?					
Who won the Young Player Award in the FIFA Football World Cup 2018?	Harry Kane (England)				
Which country won the Fair Play Award in the FIFA Football World Cup 2018?	Luka Modric (Croatia)				
In which date Nelson Mandela International Day was observed?	Thibaut Courtois (Belgium)				
Which country won the FIFA Football World Cup 2018 defeating Croatia in the final?	Kylian Mbappe (France)				
Who became the only second teenager after the Brazilian football legend Pele to score in a Football World Cup final?	Spain				
Which country recently formed new literature prize in protest against Nobel Prize in Literature?	18th July				
The United Nations has declared Chiribiquete national park as a world heritage site. The park is located in which country?	France				
Name the Pakistani cricket player who has become the quickest in history to score 1000 runs (in 18 matches) in one-day internationals breaking the previous record of Vivian Richards who scored it in 21 matches?	Kylian Mbappe (France)				
Name the book by Michael Ondaatje which won the Golden Man Booker Prize?	Sweden				
	Colombia				
The book has been crowned the best work of fiction from the last five decades of the Man Booker Prize.	Fakhar Zaman				
Who won men's singles title in the 2018 Wimbledon Championships defeating Kevin Anderson (South Africa) in the final?	The English Patient				
Who won women's singles title in the 2018 Wimbledon Championships defeating Serena Williams (United States) in the final?					
The Rashtriya Ekta Diwas is observed every year in India on 31st October to commemorate the birth anniversary of which leader?					
He played major role in the unification of more than 500 princely states into the Indian Union after independence from the British.	Novak Djokovic (Serbia)				
Statue of Sardar Vallabbhai Patel, the world's largest statue was inaugurated in Gujarat. It is also known as Statue of _________.	Angelique Kerber (Germany)				
The total cost of the project is said to be Rs 2,989 crores.	Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel				
What is the height of the statue dedicated to the Iron Man of India, Sardar Vallabbhai Patel?					
The statue is now the tallest statue in the world. It is 23 meters taller than China's Spring Temple Buddha statue and nearly two times taller than America's Statue of Liberty (93 meters).	Unity				
First edition of North East Olympic Games was held in which city of North-Eastern India?					
The event was concluded on 28th October 2018. Athletes from the eight northeastern states competed in 12 different disciplines such as Athletics, Archery, Badminton, Boxing, Football, Judo, Karate-Do, Shooting, Table Tennis, Taekwondo, Weightlifting and Wushu at the sporting event.	182 meters				
Which two nations were declared joint winners of the Asian Champions Trophy (Hockey)?					
Both the teams were declared winners after the summit clash was called off due to heavy rain.	Imphal				
Name the former Chief Minister of Delhi who passed away on 27th October 2018 after a prolonged illness?					
He served as the Chief Minister of Delhi from 1993 to 1996.	India and Pakistan				
Which bank recently decided to change its name due to its merger with 'Capital First'?					
Which cricketer became the fastest batsman to reach 10000 runs in ODIs in 205 innings?	Madan Lal Khurana				
Earlier Sachin Tendulkar was the fastest batsman to score 10000 runs in ODIs in 259 innings.					
Who was appointed as the Director of CBI after removal of Alok Verma as its chief?	IDFC Bank (New name would be IDFC First Bank Ltd)				
Which Indian personality was awarded the 2018 Seoul Peace Prize?	Virat Kohli				
The award was given in recognition of his contribution to the growth of India.					
India’s first luxury cruise ship service was launched between which two places?	M Nageswar Rao				
Name India's investment promotion body which has won the UN Award for excellence in promoting investments in sustainable development?	Narendra Modi				
What is the name of India’s first made-in-India engineless train?					
The train which looks like a bullet train is designed and manufactured by the Integral Coach Factory (ICF) at a cost of Rs 100 crore.	Mumbai and Goa				
The first National Sports Stadium for differently-abled is set to come up in which state?	Invest India				
From which date Bharat Stage-IV (BS-IV) vehicles will be banned for sale in India?	Train-18				
The Bharat stage emission standards are standards instituted by the government to regulate the output of air pollutants from motor vehicles.					
Who won the India’s first medal in Athletics at the Youth Olympic Games 2018?	Meghalaya				
He won silver in men’s 5000m race walk event. The Youth Olympic Games 2018 was held at Buenos Aires, Argentina.	1st April 2020				
Name the Union Minister of State for External Affairs who resigned recently from his post over sexual harassment allegations?					
What was the theme of Vigilance Awareness Week which was observed across India from 29th October to 3rd November by the Central Vigilance Commission?	Suraj Panwar				
On which day National Police Commemoration Day was observed across India?					
The day is observed on 21 October every year to pay homage to the 10 men of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) who were killed in an ambush by Chinese troops in 1959 in Ladakh’s Hot Spring area.	MJ Akbar				
What was India’s rank in Global Competitiveness Index 2018?	Eradicate Corruption - Build a New India				
The ranking was released by the World Economic Forum (WEF) on 16th October 2018.	21st October				
What was the theme of the second India Mobile Congress 2018?					
It was held in Aerocity, Delhi from 25th October to 27th October 2018.	58th				
The famous Shahi litchi which recently got the Geographical Indication (GI) tag belongs to which state?					
Which team won the Vijay Hazare Trophy defeating Delhi in the finals held at Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru?	New Digital Horizons, Connect. Create. Innovate				
At which venue Krishi Kumbh 2018 (International Conference and Exhibition) was held from 26th October 2018 to 28th October 2018?					
Name the Indian sportsperson who won the 2018 World Billiards Championship defeating Peter Gilchrist of Singapore?	Bihar				
Name the Indian agricultural scientist who has been chosen for the first World Agriculture Prize instituted by Indian Council of Food and Agriculture?	Mumbai				
IRCTC has launched a new artificial intelligence-enabled chat bot to provide information related to catering or other value added services offered by IRCTC. What is the name of this new feature?	Indian Institute Of Sugarcane Research(IISR), Lucknow				
Name India's first 'fully organic' state which won the Food and Agricultural Organisation's (FAO) Future Policy Gold Award?	Sourav Kothari				
Name the cyclone which hit the coasts of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha recently?	MS Swaminathan				
Name the former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh & Uttarakhand and former Governor of Andhra Pradesh who passed away on 18th October 2018?	Ask Disha				
Name the veteran music composer who has been chosen for the 2018 Hridaynath Mangeshkar Award?	Sikkim				
Who has been appointed as the Solicitor General of India?	Titli				
He will succeed Shri Ranjeet Kumar.	Narayan Datt Tiwari				
Which railway zone has become Unmanned Level Crossing (UMLC) Free Zone by eliminating over 1000 such level crossings?	Khayyam				
With which country India signed the much-anticipated deal worth $5.43-billion to buy five S-400 Triumf missile shield systems?	Shri Tushar Mehta				
At which place India International Science Festival 2018 with the focal theme 'Science for Transformation' was held from 5th to 8th Oct 2018?					
What was India's rank in the Human Capital Index 2018 released by the World Bank?	Southern Railway				
What was India's rank in the Asian Para Games 2018?	Russia				
Name the Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Bank who has resigned from her post six months prior to her retirement?	Lucknow				
Name the Indian-American economist who has been appointed the Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund (IMF)?	115				
	9th (72 medals, 15 gold)				
	Chanda Kochhar				
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS	Gita Gopinath				
On which day United Nations Day is observed across the world?	Mahinda Rajapaksa				
Which country is planning to launch its own artificial moon by 2020?	Pakistan				
The artificial moon will be able to light an area with a diameter of 10 to 80 kilometers.					
On which day International Day for Eradication of Poverty was observed across the world?	24th October				
Theme for 2018: Coming together with those furthest behind to build an inclusive world of universal respect for human rights and dignity.	China				
Which country successfully tested the world's largest unmanned transport drone which can carry a payload of 1.5 tonnes?					
The drone is named Feihong-98.	17th October				
Which space agency along with the European Space Agency has sent a spacecraft on 7-year journey to explore Mercury?					
Which country was elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) for a period of three years beginning January 1, 2019?	China				
Who won the Man Booker Prize 2018 for the novel 'Milkman'?					
Name the West-Indian cricketer who has announced his retirement from all forms of international cricket?	Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA)				
Which country has become the second country in the world after Uruguay to legalize recreational cannabis?	India				
Name the co-founder of software company Microsoft who passed away at the age of 65 on 15th October 2018?	Anna Burns				
He along with Bill Gates founded the company Microsoft in 1975. Some products of Microsoft are Windows operating system, Microsoft Office, Skype, SQL Server, etc.	Dwayne Bravo				
Who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics 2018 'for groundbreaking inventions in the field of laser physics'?	Canada				
Who was awarded Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2018 'for the directed evolution of enzymes'?	Paul Allen				
Who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2018 'for their discovery of cancer therapy by inhibition of negative immune regulation'?					
Who was awarded Nobel Peace Prize 2018 for courageously combating war crimes and seeking justice for victims?	Arthur Ashkin, Gerard Mourou and Donna Strickland				
Who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences 2018 for (1) 'integrating climate change into long-run macroeconomic analysis' and (2) 'for integrating technological innovations into long-run macroeconomic analysis'?	Frances H. Arnold, George P. Smith and Sir Gregory P. Winter				
Which country topped the Human Capital Index 2018 released by the World Bank?	James P. Allison and Tasuku Honjo				
With 172 gold (319 medals in total) which country topped the medal tally in the Asian Para Games 2018?	Denis Mukwege and Nadia Murad				
Asian Para Games 2018 was held in which country?	(1) William D. Nordhaus and (2) Paul M. Romer				
Which country topped the Global Competitiveness Index 2018?	Singapore				
The ranking was released by the World Economic Forum (WEF) on 16th October 2018.	China				
Name the chairman of Information Technology major Wipro and also a philanthropist who was bestowed with the highest French civilian distinction Chevalier de la Legion d’Honneur (Knight of the Legion of Honour)?	Indonesia				
The award was bestowed on him for his outstanding contribution in developing the information technology industry in India, his economic outreach in France, and his laudable contribution to society as a philanthropist through the Azim Premji Foundation and Azim Premji University.	USA				
Who has been appointed as the new Chairman of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC)?					
The term of his appointment will be till 07.08.2020 when he attains the age of 65 years or till further orders whichever is earlier.	Azim Premji				
Who has been appointed as the Chairman of National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) by the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship?					
Currently he is the Group Chairman of India’s biggest engineering and construction conglomerate – Larsen & Toubro Limited (L&T).	Arvind Saxena				
Mohammed Aziz who passed away recently belonged to which field?					
He has done playback singing for actors such as Amitabh Bachchan, Govinda, Rishi Kapoor, Mithun Chakraborty and several others.	A M Naik				
Who was appointed as Chairperson of the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB)?					
Which CPSU has been conferred with the status of Miniratna : Category –I by the Government of India in November 2018?	Music				
Who has been appointed as the new Chief Election Commissioner succeeding O P Rawat who retired on November 24?					
The 49th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) was held in which state?	Nageshwara Rao Guntur				
Which film won the coveted Golden Peacock Award at the 49th International Film Festival of India (IFFI)?	National Projects Construction Corporation Limited (NPCC)				
The director of the film was Sergei Loznitsa.	Sunil Arora				
Who was named as the Captain of the ICC Women’s World Twenty20 XI?	Goa				
Sentinelese Tribe which is currently in news for killing an American Traveller named John Chau are native to which place?	Donbass				
The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs launched 'PaiSA'  a centralised electronic platform for processing interest subvention on bank loans to beneficiaries under Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana - National Urban Livelihoods Mission (DAY-NULM). The PaiSA (Portal for Affordable Credit and Interest Subvention Access) has been designed and developed by which nationalised Bank?					
The North Sentinal Island is officially a part of which nation’s territory?	Harmanpreet Kaur				
Name the 35-year-old boxer and a mother of three, who scripted history by clinching a record sixth World Championship Gold medal in the light flyweight 48 kilogram category after outclassing Ukraine's Hanna Okhota?	Andaman Islands				
She previously clinched the World Championship gold on five occasions - 2002, 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2010. She bagged a silver on her debut in 2001.	Allahabad Bank				
Name the popular singer of Assam who has been appointed as the first ‘Youth Advocate’ of the north eastern region by the UNICEF to fight for child rights?	India				
The UNICEF engages ‘Youth Advocates’ to harness their voice as agents of change in society.	Mary Kom				
On which day Indian Constitution Day is observed every year?					
According to Planet Labs, the world's leading commercial satellite network, which statue in India is visible from space?	Nahid Afrin				
At which place in Uttar Pradesh Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated India’s first multi-modal terminal on the Ganga river on 12th November 2018?					
Country’s first container cargo containing food and beverage transported on inland waterways from Kolkata was also received at this place on this day.	26th November				
Name the star Indian wrestler who on 10th November touched a new high in his career by achieving the number one rank in the world in the 65kg category?	Statue of Unity				
The 24-year-old wrestler was placed atop the ranking table with 96 points in the United World Wrestling (UWW) list. He has won five medals this season, including Common Wealth Games and the Asian Games gold and a silver at the World Championship in Budapest.	Varanasi				
Name the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir who dissolved the state assembly soon after both PDP chief Mehbooba Mufti and People's Conference leader Sajad Lone staked claim to form the government in Jammu and Kashmir?					
For which unit of mass India has decided to adopt a new definition from May next year, after representatives of 60 countries last week voted to redefine this International System of Units?	Bajrang Punia				
The 26th General Conference on Weights & Measures (GCWM), which is comprised of 60 member countries, voted for the redefinition last week. It will be adopted on May 20, which is World Metrology Day.					
Name Karnataka's iconic leader and also a three times Union Minister who died recently at the age of 59?	Satyapal Malik				
For women earning more than Rs 15,000 a month for how many weeks out of maternity leave of 26 weeks, the Women and Child Development ministry has announced to give salaries?	Kilogram (Kg)				
Name the Union Rural Development Minister who has been given the additional charge of the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs following the untimely demise of Union Minister Ananth Kumar?					
Name the Union Minister of Statistics and Programme Implementation who has been given the additional charge of the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizer following the untimely demise of Union Minister Ananth Kumar?	Ananth Kumar				
Name the Oscar-winning music maestro who recently released his biography titled "Notes of a Dream"?	7 weeks				
The book has been written by Krishna Trilok, a Chennai-based writer.	Narendra Singh Tomar				
On which day National Education Day is observed across India to celebrate the birth anniversary of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad?	D V Sadananda Gowda				
The Supreme Court recently approved a separate High Court for which state?	A R Rahman				
It will be the 25th High Court in the country. It will start functioning from January 1, 2019.					
Which country unveiled a bronze statue commemorating the role of Indian soldiers who fought for the British Indian Army in World War I?	11th November				
For which term India has been elected as a member of the International Telecommunications Union Council (ITU)?	Andhra Pradesh				
The ITU has 193 member states that elect representatives to the council. India has been an active member of the ITU since 1869.					
Which state has approved funds worth Rs 25000 each for girls graduating from 2018 onwards?	France				
The one-time payment will be made to every girl who graduates from the colleges of the state on or after April 25 this year irrespective of pass division, marital status, caste, community or religion.	4 years (2019 to 2022)				
Which state celebrated its 18th Foundation Day on November 9?					
It became a state of the Union, after separation from Uttar Pradesh.	Bihar				
Which district of Uttar Pradesh has been renamed as Ayodhya?					
In which State technology-driven and citizen-friendly ‘Mo bus’ service was launched recently?	Uttarakhand				
The newly-launched buses will feature free Wi-Fi, CCTV surveillance, public information display system and on board announcements.					
Which decommissioned carrier will be converted into India’s first-ever maritime museum-cum-marine adventure centre?	Faizabad				
Which Indian cricketer was recently officially inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame?	Odisha				
Which IIT has designed India's first microprocessor "Shakti"?					
"Shakti" will reduce dependency on imported microchips and the risk of cyber attacks.	INS Viraat				
In which Indian city the 575-metre Signature Bridge has been built over Yamuna river?	Rahul Dravid				
The bridge will reduce the travel time between north and northeast Delhi and share the burden of the Wazirabad bridge.	IIT-Madras				
Name the Kannada actor and former Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting who passed away on 24 November 2018?					
Name the environmental NGO founded by Anil Kumar Agarwal which has been awarded the Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and Development for the year 2018?	Delhi				
Name the veteran ad maker and theatre personality who died on 17 November 2018 at the age of 90?					
Name the Indian athlete and Asian Games gold medallist who has been made the country first youth ambassador by United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)?	Ambareesh				
What is the name of severe cyclonic storm that hit the eastern coast of Tamil Nadu causing loss of lives and property?	Centre for Science and Environment				
In which denomination the Union Government has decided to issue a commemorative coin on the occasion of 75th anniversary of hoisting of Tricolour for the first time by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose at Port Blair?	Alyque Padamsee				
Who was appointed as the chairman of Competition Commission of India (CCI)?	Hima Das				
What is the rank of India in the Ease of Doing Business rankings released by the World Bank?	Gaja				
Who took over as the 12th Chief of Integrated Defence Staff?	Rs 75				
Which state became the first Indian state to launch a single emergency number '112' which will connect to police, fire, health and other helplines through an Emergency Response Centre (ERC) in the state?	Ashok Kumar Gupta				
Name the Bollywood actor who has resigned from the post of Chairmanship of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII)?	77				
	Lieutenant General PS Rajeshwar				
	Himachal Pradesh				
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS	Anupam Kher				
NASAs InSight spacecraft landed safely on which planet to kick off a two-year mission to explore the deep interior of the Red Planet?					
The 26th General Conference on Weights & Measures was held in which city?					
On which day World Toilet Day was observed across the world?					
The 33rd edition of ASEAN summit 2018 was held in which country?	Mars				
What was the theme of 33rd edition of ASEAN summit 2018?	Versailles, France				
Name the Human Rights organisation which withdrew its highest honour, the Ambassador of Conscience Award, from Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi?	19th November				
The honour was withdrawn as the organisation observed that Myanmar government has not only failed to repeal or amend repressive laws but has actively used them to curb freedom of expression, and arrest and imprison human rights defenders, journalists and other peaceful activists.	Singapore				
Which city hosted the first WHO Global Conference on Air Pollution and Health?	Resilient and Innovative ASEAN				
The world’s largest airport built at a cost of $11 billion has been unveiled in which country?	Amnesty International				
On which day World Science Day for Peace and Development was observed across the world?					
Which organisation publishes the Ease of Doing Business Index every year?	Geneva (Switzerland)				
Which English word is the Oxford Word of the Year 2018?	Turkey				
Name the creator of iconic comic-book heroes including Spider-Man, the X-Men, Iron Man, Thor, the Hulk, the Fantastic Four, etc. who passed away on 12 November 2018?	44145				
Which country won the Women's World Twenty 20 by defeating England in the final?	World Bank				
In which country Women's World Twenty 20 was held from 09 to 24 November 2018?	Toxic				
Which country topped the ranking of Ease of Doing Business 2019 released by the World Bank?	Stan Lee				
Who was appointed as the new Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) succeeding Shri RK Mathur?	Australia				
Under which former Governor, the Reserve Bank of India has constituted an Expert Committee on Economic Capital Framework to decide the appropriate level of reserves that the regulator should hold?	West Indies				
To mark the birth anniversary of Atal Bihari Vajpayee, his Samadhi ___________ was dedicated to the nation.	New Zealand				
Three islands of which Union Territory have been renamed after freedom fighter Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose?	Sudhir Bhargava				
Name the veteran filmmaker and Dada Saheb Phalke Awardee who passed away on 30th December 2018?	Bimal Jalan				
Which House of the Parliament passed the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Marriage) Bill, 2018 on December 27, 2018?	Sadaiv Atal				
Which state will get its own High Court from January 2019?	Andaman and Nicobar Islands				
With the creation of this new high court, the country will have 25 High Courts.	Mrinal Sen				
26th edition of National Children's Science Congress was held at?	House of the People (Lok Sabha)				
At which place International Gita Mahotsav 2018 was held from 07 to 23 December 2018?	Andhra Pradesh				
Asia's second longest rail-cum-road bridge (Bogibeel Bridge) was inaugurated recently in which state of India?					
The bridge is constructed over river Brahmaputra.	Bhubaneshwar (Odisha)				
Name the noted Sitar player who has been chosen for the Tansen Samman Award by the Madhya Pradesh Government for her outstanding contribution to music?	Kurukshetra (Haryana)				
Name the denomination in which the Union Government has released commemorative coin in the honour of former PM Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee?	Assam				
Which train has officially became the fastest train of India?					
On which day National Consumers Day is observed across India?	Manju Mehta				
On this day the Consumer Protection Act, 1986 had received the assent of the President.	Rs. 100				
The Indian Railways has decided to give how much concession in passenger fares to Transgender senior citizens?	Train 18				
Who was appointed as India's new chief boxing coach?	24th December				
The 39-year-old is credited with shaping some of the country's most successful boxers such as Vijender Singh, M Suranjoy Singh and Shiva Thapa among others.					
What is the theme of National Consumers Day 2018?	40 percent				
Which Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) merged with IDFC Bank to create IDFC First Bank?	C A Kuttappa				
The new merged entity IDFC First Bank will have a combined loan asset book of Rs 1.03 lakh crore.					
On which day India observed the Good Governance Day to mark the birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee who passed away on August 16, 2018.	Timely Disposal of Consumer Complaints				
Which Indian Zoo has been closed for an indefinite period following the confirmation of H5NI virus killing six peacocks in the zoo?	Capital First				
Which Indian cricketer surpassed Rahul Dravid's record of scoring most overseas runs in a calendar year?					
Name the Bollywood actress who has been named the PETA Person of the Year 2018?	43459				
On which day the National Mathematics Day was observed across India?	Patna Zoo				
At which place in Gujarat India's first Railway University was dedicated to the nation by Railway Minister Shri Piyush Goyal?	Virat Kohli				
Name the former Indian cricketer who has been appointed as the new coach of Indian women's cricket team?	Sonam Kapoor				
Veteran politician Nirupam Sen passed away on December 24, 2018. He belonged to which political party?	22nd December				
Name the English novelist who has become the first English writer to be conferred with 54th Jnanpith Award?	Vadodara				
As per the NITI Aayog's 'Strategy for New India @75', the Union Government aim to accelerate growth to 8 per cent and propel the country towards a USD 5-trillion economy by which year?	W V Raman				
At which places in Telangana and Tamil Nadu, the Union Cabinet has approved setting up AIIMS under Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY)?	CPI (M)				
Mining activities within 10 km radius of which Tiger Reserve has been banned by the National Green Tribunal?	Amitav Ghosh				
Which state was ranked as the "Best Performer" in the States' Start-up Ranking 2018?	2030				
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) announced results of the first ever States' Start-up Ranking 2018 at an event in New Delhi. DIPP began this exercise from January, 2016.	Bibinagar and Madurai				
Who sworn in as the 18th Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh?	Sariska Tiger Reserve				
Who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan?	Gujarat				
Name the 20-year-old Indian who has become the fastest Asian to cycle the globe?					
She completed the 29,000 kilometers' distance required to qualify as bicycling across the globe on December 23, 2018.	Kamal Nath				
Name the nuclear-capable long-range Inter Continental Ballistic Missile which successfully tested from the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Dr Abdul Kalam Island off Odisha coast?	Ashok Gehlot				
Which Indian film was shortlisted for the 91st Oscar in the Documentary Short Subject category?	Vedangi Kulkarni				
In which state, President’s rule was imposed on December 20, 2018 following the expiry of the six-month-long governor's rule?					
Which geostationary communication satellite was successfully launched by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on December 19, 2018 onboard Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle GSLV-F11?	Agni-IV				
To mark which historical event India Post released Postage Stamp on Rajkumar Shukla?	Period. End of Sentence				
Which Indian state became the first one to have a law against sextortion?	Jammu and Kashmir				
Sextortion is a type of sexual exploitation that creates non-physical pressures for gaining sexual pleasure.	GSAT-7A				
Which country has banned the use of Indian currency notes of Rs 2000, Rs 500 and Rs 200 denominations in the country?	Champaran Satyagraha				
Who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh?	Jammu and Kashmir				
Who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan?					
Sachin Pilot sworn in as the Deputy Chief Minister of Rajasthan.	Nepal				
Which political party won the Rajasthan Assembly Elections 2018?	Bhupesh Baghel				
Which party claimed majority in Chhattisgarh Assembly Elections 2018?	Ashok Gehlot				
Which political party won the Telangana Assembly Elections 2018?					
By how much percentage the Central Government raised its contribution in National Pension Scheme (NPS)?	Indian National Congress				
Who is the first RBI Governor since 1990 to resign before completion of term?	Indian National Congress				
Shaktikanta Das succeeded Urjit Patel as the 25th Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI).	Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS)				
The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) included which currency in the list of exchange rate in December 2018?	14 per cent				
Who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Telangana?	Urjit Patel				
Name the Twitter handle launched by the Union Government to spread awareness about cyber crimes?					
Which is the first Indian state to have four international airports?	Korean Won				
The four international airports are located in Kannur, Kozhikode, Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram.	K Chandrasekhar Rao				
Who won the Sahitya Academy Award 2018 in Hindi Language in Novels category?	@CyberDost				
Who sworn in as the Chief Minister of Mizoram?	Kerala				
Who is the author of the book Changing India released recently?					
	Chitra Mudgal				
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS	Zoramthanga				
Which party emerged victorious in the Bangladesh national elections 2018?	Dr. Manmohan Singh				
Which nation ended the year 2018 as Number One in FIFA global rankings ahead of world champion France?	Russia				
Who was crowned Miss Universe 2018 at the event held in Bangkok on 17 December 2018?	Anak Krakatau				
Who on December 18, 2018 announced its plans to slash carbon dioxide emissions from new cars and vans by 2030?	Thailand				
On which day International Migrants Day was observed across the world?	Belgium				
Name the Saudi journalist who was murdered in October at his country's Istanbul consulate and who has been named Time magazine's "Person of the Year" alongside other persecuted journalists.	Miss Philippines Catriona Gray				
The other journalists who wil receive the honour include Philippines journalist Maria Ressa, Reuters’ reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, who are currently imprisoned in Myanmar.	European Union (EU)				
On which day Human Rights Day was observed across the world?	44183				
Who has been sworn in as 58th President of Mexico?	Jamal Khashoggi				
Which footballers has won the 2018 Ballon d'Or honour?					
On which day International Anti Corruption Day was observed across the world?	10th December				
On which day International Civil Aviation Day was observed across the world?	Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador				
On which day World Soil Day was observed across the world?	Luka Modric				
Which country has decided to leave the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) from January 2019?	9th December				
The veteran Bollywood actor and screenwriter who passed away on 31st December 2018?	7th December				
Name the Hindi writer, a recipient of 2017 Jnanpith Award and author of novels such as Zindaginama, Mitro Marjani, etc. who passed away on 25th January 2019?	5th December				
What was the theme of National Girl Child Day observed by the Women and Child Development Ministry on 24th January 2019?	Qatar				
Name the former Defence Minister of India who passed away on January 29, 2019?	Kader Khan				
He served under the Atal Bihari Vajpayee-led NDA government?	Krishna Sobti				
Which ministry signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with National Council of Applied Economic Research for improving the official statistical system in the country?	Empowering Girls for a Brighter Tomorrow				
As per the revised Goods and Services Tax (GST) norms, the GST on Haj and Kailash Mansarovar Yatra has been reduced from 18 per cent to how much per cent?	George Fernandes				
Who were conferred the 2019 Bharat Ratna Award on 25th January 2019, India's highest civilian honour, by the President of India Ram Nath Kovind ?					
Gautam Gambhir, Prabhu Deva, and Late Kader Khan were conferred with which civilian awards?	Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation				
On which day India celebrated the 9th National Voters Day for enhanced participation of citizens in the electoral process?	5 per cent				
What was the theme of 9th National Voters Day?	Pranab Mukherjee, Nanaji Deshmukh and Bhupen Hazarika				
Name the nanosatellite (measuring 10 x 10 x 10 cm) which was developed by Indian students and Chennai-based Space Kidz India for HAM radio services and launched by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on PSLV C44 rocket?	Padma Shri				
Which word was declared as the 'Hindi Word of the Year 2018' by the Oxford Dictionary?	25th January 2019				
What is the name of India's first made-in-India engineless train which was recently named as the 'Vande Bharat Express' by the Railways Ministry?	No voter to be left behind				
Which is the only Indian port to be listed amongst the world's top 30 container ports as per the latest Lloyds Report?	Kalamsat				
Who was named the captain of the ICC's Test and ODI teams of the year 2018?	Nari Shakti				
	Train 18				
The 30-year-old, with 1,322 runs, five centuries in 13 Tests and 1,202 runs at an astounding average of 133.55 with six hundreds in 14 ODIs in 2018, was selected to both sides.	Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT)				
Which cricketer was named ICC Test, ODI Player and Cricketer of the year 2018?	Virat Kohli				
Who is the only cricketer besides Kohli to be named in both ICC Test and ODI teams of the year 2018?					
On which day National Girl Child Day is celebrated every year as a national observance day for the girl child?					
Which company launched a new e-commerce platform 're-weave.in' for handloom weavers under the Project ReWeave, as part of its philanthropic initiatives?	Virat Kohli				
India will surpass which country to become the second largest oil demand growth centre globally in 2019 on back of buoyant auto fuel and LPG consumption?	Jasprit Bumrah				
Ten years after 26/11, the Indian Navy coordinated the largest-ever coastal defence exercise off the Indian coast on 22-23 January 2019. What is the name of this exercise?	24th January 2019				
Name the historical monument in Delhi in which four museum relating to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, the Yaad-e-Jallian Museum based on the Jallianwala Bagh and World War I, museum on 1857- India's first war of Independence and Drishyakala museum- exhibition of Indian art was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi?	Microsoft (India)				
Which cricketer won ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year award for the year 2018?	China				
To visit which countries, Indians over 65 and under 15 years can now use Aadhaar Card as a valid travel document?	Sea Vigil				
The 15th edition of the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas (PBD) was held in which city on 21st January 2019?	Red Fort				
Which Indian athlete has become the first to be nominated for the Laureus World Comeback of Year Award?	Rishabh Pant				
To enhance the operational capability of which command, Naval Air Station (NAS) Shibpur will be commissioned as INS Kohassa?	Nepal and Bhutan				
Pradhan Mantri Rozgar Protsahan Yojana (PMRPY), the flagship scheme of the Central Government for employment generation has crossed the milestone of ____ crore beneficiaries as on January 14, 2019.	Varanasi				
	Vinesh Phogat				
PMRPY was announced on August 07, 2016 and is being implemented by Ministry of Labour and Employment through the Employees’ Provident Fund Organization (EPFO).	Andaman and Nicobar Command (ANC)				
Name the media professional who was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the International Cricket Council (ICC)?	one				
On which day, Army Day is celebrated to salute the valiant soldiers who sacrificed their lives to protect the country and its citizens?					
The Constitution (103rd Amendment) Act, 2019 which came into effect on January 14, 2019 provides what percentage of reservation quota for the economically weaker sections in the general category?					
The world's largest religious and cultural human congregation, 'Kumbh 2019' began in which city of Uttar Pradesh?	Manu Sawhney				
Which Indian leader recently received the first-ever Philip Kotler Presidential Award for his "outstanding leadership"?	15th January				
	10 percent				
The Philip Kotler award focuses on three aspects - people, profit and planet. The award, will hereon, be annually given to the leader of a nation.	Prayagraj (erstwhile Allahabad)				
Prime Minister Narendra Modi released a Rs 350 denomination commemorative silver coin and stamp on Guru Gobind Singh to mark the 350th birth anniversary. Guru Gobind Singh was the ___ Sikh Guru.	Narendra Modi				
Which Indian state has become the first one to implement 10 per cent quota for Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) in general category?					
Which organisation launched the UNNATI Programme on 17th January 2019 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the first United Nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space (UNISPACE 50)?					
In which bank the Union Cabinet approved capital infusion of Rs 6,000 crore through recapitalisation bonds to boost the bank's capacity in export financing?	10th				
Name the 35-year-old Indian from Kolkata who becomes world's youngest to climb 7 highest volcanoes and 7 highest mountains in 7 continents?	Gujarat				
From which academic year the Union Human Resource Ministry is planning to introduce 10 per cent Economically Weaker Section (EWS) reservation quota across 40,000 colleges and 900 Universities in the country?	Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)				
Which Indian boxer fetched number one position in the International Boxing Association's (AIBA) latest world rankings?	Export-Import Bank of India (EXIM Bank)				
India's first rail and transportation university has started functioning in which city?	Satyarup Siddhanta				
Name the Multipurpose Project for which an agreement was signed on 11th January 2019 among the states of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi, Rajasthan and Uttarakhand?	2019-20				
By which date the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has asked food businesses to comply with the new packaging regulations that bar use of recycled plastics and newspapers to wrap food articles?	Mary Kom				
The second edition of Khelo India Youth Games was inaugurated in which city on 9th January?	Vadodara (Gujarat)				
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) constituted a high-level committee headed by former chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to set up a robust digital payments ecosystem in the country. Name the former chairman of UIDAI who will head this committee?	Renukaji Dam				
Name the irrigation project which has entered into the Guiness Book of World Records for pouring 32,100 cubic meters of concrete in 24 hours?	1st July 2019				
Who was removed as the coach of Indian national men’s hockey team?	Pune				
Name the chairman of National Solar Energy Federation who has taken over as the president of Global Solar Council (GSC) from 1st January 2019?	Nandan Nilekani				
	Polavaram project				
The GSC has its headquarters in Washington D.C., USA.	Harendra Singh				
What was India's rank in the global index for the world's most powerful passport in 2019?	Pranav R Mehta				
India recently took over the operations of a part of Chabahar Port. In which country Chabahar Port is located?					
Name the organisation which has been awarded the Exhibitor of the Year Award at the 106th Indian Science Congress held at Lovely Professional University?					
Government of which Indian state was fined Rs 100 crore by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) for its failure to curb illegal coal mining in the state?	79th				
Name the Indian mountaineer who has become the first woman amputee to climb Mt Vinson, the highest peak in Antarctica?	Iran				
Who was appointed as the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) of India?	DRDO				
Name the Indian cricketer (female) who was named Best Player of the Year, ODI Player of the Year and included in ICC Women's Team of the Year 2018?	Meghalaya				
Which city hosted the 106th Indian Science Congress?	Arunima Sinha				
Which Indian cricketer has been suspended from bowling in international cricket by the International Cricket Council (ICC) terming his bowling action as illegal?	Sudhir Bhargava				
Name the Indian badminton player (female) who won the Indonesia Masters Women's Singles title defeating Carolina Marin of Spain in the finals?	Smriti Mandhana				
Name the place in Tamil Nadu where foundation stone for setting up All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) was laid by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi?	Jalandhar (Punjab)				
Name the noted Gujarati poet who has been awarded the Saraswati Samman 2017 by the KK Birla Foundation for his collection named Vakhar?	Ambati Rayudu				
Name the Indian cricketer who has become the fastest Indian bowler to claim 100 wickets in 56 ODIs breaking Irfan Pathan's record of 59 ODIs?	Saina Nehwal				
Which North-Eastern State has declared the Pakke Paga Hornbill Festival to be its State Festival?	Madurai				
Name the Indian chess player who has become the youngest Indian and 2nd youngest in the world to become a Grandmaster at the age of 12 years 7 months and 17 days?	Sitanshu Yashashchandra				
Which State has become the first in the country to launch One Family One Job programme for the people of its state?	Mohammad Shami				
Who was appointed as the new Chairman of Railway Board succeeding Ashwani Lohani?	Arunachal Pradesh				
Name the coach of Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and Vinod Kambli and also a recipient of Dronacharya Award (1990) and Padma Shri (2010) who passed away on 2nd January 2019?	D Gukesh				
Name the Indian trade unionist, statesman, journalist and a member of Rajya Sabha who died recently?	Sikkim				
India improved its ranking on the 2018 Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) by three points and moved to 78th position with a score of 41.	Pakistan				
World Economic Forum (WEF) 2019 annual meet was held in which city?	Suman Kumari				
Who has won the 'Laureus Sportsman of the Year award' the maximum number of times?	Novak Djokovic				
Which film won the 2019 Golden Globe Award (76th Edition) for Best Motion Picture: Drama?	Naomi Osaka				
Who won the Best Actor in Motion Picture-Drama award at the 76th Golden Globe Awards?	Venezuela				
Who won the Best Actress in Motion Picture-Drama award at the 76th Golden Globe Awards?	Davos (Switzerland)				
Jim Yong Kim is going to step down on February 1, 2019 as the President of which international organisation much before the end of his term in 2022?	Roger Federer (6 times)				
Who was appointed as the Chief Economist of the International Monetary Fund (IMF)?	Bohemian Rhapsody				
On which day World Hindi Day was observed across the world to mark the anniversary of first World Hindi Conference which was held in 1975?	Rami Malek				
Who has been appointed as the Prime Minister of Taiwan?	Glenn Close				
Which nation will host the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations replacing the original hosts Cameroon?	World Bank				
On which day World Braille Day was observed across the world?	Gita Gopinath				
Name the currency which was launched by the central banks of the UAE and Saudi Arabia which will be used in financial settlements between the two countries through Blockchains and Distributed Ledgers technologies?	10th January				
Name the President of Venezuela who sworn in for the second term?	Su Tseng-chang				
For which state a new Railway Zone was announced by Railway Minister Piyush Goyal?	Egypt				
	4th January				
The new railway zone named Southern Coast Railway will be headquartered in Visakhapatnam.	Aber				
2nd Edition of Indian Sign Language Dictionary for Hearing Impaired Persons contains how many words?	Nicolas Maduro				
On which day National Science Day 2019 was observed?	Andhra Pradesh				
What was the theme of National Science Day 2019?					
Which player was honoured with Asian Hockey Federation’s Player of the Year award?					
Which Indian bank which has joined hands with World Bank and UN Women to launch new social impact bonds exclusively for women, called Women's Livelihood Bonds (WLBs)?	6000 words				
Which state government has recently declared Monkeys as Vermin for the next one year due to monkey menace in the state?	28th February 2019				
The Indian Air Force in a recent retaliatory move destroyed the biggest Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) training camp in Balakot. The town is located in which Pakistani provinces?	Science for the People and People for Science				
PM Modi launched the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi (PM-KISAN) Yojana for the farmers’ welfare recently. How much income support will be provided in a year to farmers under the scheme?	Manpreet Singh				
What is the name of India's first humanoid robot developed by Asimov Robotics which was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Kerala for induction into its police force?	SIDBI				
12th biennial edition of International Aerospace and Defence Exhibition 'Aero India 2019' was held at which location?	Himachal Pradesh				
What was the tagline for the air show Aero India-2019 (12th edition) which was held at Air Force Station Yelahanka, Bengaluru	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa				
Who became the 14th recipient of the 2018 Seoul Peace Prize?	Rs 6000 per year				
At which place first ever Drone Olympics, a competition for UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) was held from 18th to 21st February 2019?	KP-BOT				
Which state approved Sanskrit as the second official language after Hindi?	Air Force Station Yelahanka				
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) raised the interest rate on Employees’ Provident Fund (EPF) for 2018-19. What is the new interests rate?	The Runway to a Billion Opportunities				
Which international organisation recently urged the international community to co-operate with India in dealing with terrorism?	Narendra Modi				
Name India's first self-made fighter jet which received the final operational clearance for induction into the air force as a fully-weaponised fighter jet?	Bengaluru				
India has raised customs duty to 200 per cent on all goods imported from which nation?	Himachal Pradesh				
	8.65 percent				
The decision was taken following withdrawal of Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status in the aftermath of the Pulwama terror attack.	United Nations Security Council				
Which state has launched the Annadata Sukhibhava Scheme under which farmers having land less than 5 acres will receive Rs 9000 in addition to Rs 6000 announced by the Central Government?	Light Combat Aircraft Tejas				
Name the former badminton player of India who has been awarded the Sportstar Lifetime Achievement Award?	Pakistan				
Which team won the Irani Cup 2018-19 season after Draw With Rest of India?					
The Union Cabinet approved the agreement between India and which organisation for its participation in the Programme for International Students Assessment (PISA)?					
The Cabinet approved the implementation of Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G) beyond March 2019 to which year?	Andhra Pradesh				
The Minister of Human Resource Development, Shri Prakash Javadekar launched ____________ to boost quality digital education in the country.	Prakash Padukone				
	Vidarbha				
Shri Prakash Javadekar disclosed that the digital board will be introduced all over the country in government and government aided schools from class 9th onwards as well as in higher education institutions.	Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OCED)				
Name the former Chairman of Railway Board who has been appointed as the Chairman and Managing Director of Air India?	2022				
At which place in Maharashtra the Indian Army conducted its annual artillery fire power exercise named Topchi?	Operation Digital Board				
The citizens in distress can dial which number to get immediate access to emergency services?					
					
The Emergency Response Support System (ERSS) is a pan-India single number based response system for persons in distres.	Ashwani Lohani				
Name the new Chairman of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) who will succeed Sushil Chandra?	Deolali				
	112				
Sushil Chandra will take over as Election Commissioner of India.					
Name the animal which has been chosen to be the mascot of National Games 2022 to be held in Meghalaya?					
In which city the National Cyber Forensic Lab has been inaugurated?	Pramod Kumar Mody				
The first of the 15 Chinook heavy lift helicopters ordered by the Indian Air Force (IAF) arrived in India on February 10, 2019. From which country India has purchased these helicopters?					
In which city Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the first-ever diesel to electric converted locomotive twin engine?					
	Clouded Leopard				
The Expert Committee led by Anoop Satpathy on February 14, 2019 submitted its report. It recommended raising National Minimum Wage to how much amount per day?	New Delhi				
Government of which state has announced a universal old age pension scheme called Mukhyamantri Vridhajan Pension Yojna?	USA				
The Indian Parliament has passed the Personal Laws (Amendment) Bill 2019. The bill seeks to remove which disease as a ground for divorce?	Varanasi				
Name the Indian cricketer who has become the highest run scorer in T20 internationals by surpassing New Zealand's Martin Guptill?					
Which team won the Ranji Trophy 2018-19 defeating Saurashtra in the finals in Nagpur?	Rs 375 per day (Rs 9,750 per month)				
Name the state which has declared the Indus Water Dolphin to be its State Aquatic Animal?	Bihar				
Name the Indian cricketer who has become the first woman in the world to play 200 One Day Internationals (ODI)?	Leprosy				
Who is the author of the book - The Third Pillar?	Rohit Sharma				
Who is the author of the book - Undaunted, Saving the Idea of India?	Vidarbha				
According to Interim Budget 2019-20, income up to which amount is exempted from Income Tax?	Punjab				
How many countries have ratified the Geneva Convention?	Mithali Raj				
The Geneva Conventions are a set of international treaties agreed to between 1864 and 1949 that establish the standards of international law for humanitarian treatment in case of war.	Raghuram Rajan				
Which cricket team scored the highest ever total in T20 internationals by scoring 278 runs against Ireland in Dehradun surpassing Australia's 263 against Sri Lanka in 2016?	P Chidambaram				
Name the Sri Lankan cricketer who has been banned from cricket for 2 years by the ICC	Rs 5 lakh				
In which country a two-day summit meeting between North Korean Chairman Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump was held?	196 countries				
Which film directed by Peter Farelly was awarded Best Picture award at the 91st Academy Awards (Oscars)?					
Who was awarded Best Actor award for the film Bohemian Rhapsody at the 91st Academy Awards (Oscars)?					
Who was awarded Best Actress award for the film The Favourite at the 91st Academy Awards (Oscars)?	Afghanistan				
Who was awarded Best Director award for the film Roma at the 91st Academy Awards (Oscars)?	Sanath Jayasuriya				
Name the West Indian cricketer who has announced his retirement from one-day internationals after the Cricket World Cup 2019	Vietnam				
What was the theme of World Sustainable Development Summit 2019?	Green Book				
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is the President of which country who has taken over as the new chair of 55-member African Union?	Rami Malek				
On which day World Radio Day was observed across the world?	Olivia Colman				
Name the European coumtry which has signed an accord to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) becoming its 30th member?	Alfonso Cuaron				
In a landmark decision, _____________ has included Hindi as the third official language used in its courts, alongside Arabic and English, as part of a move designed to improve access to justice.	Chris Gayle				
	Attaining the 2030 Agenda; Delivering on our Promise				
Name the American economist who has been nominated by the US President to be the next World Bank President?	Egypt				
On which day Safer Internet Day was observed across the world with the theme - Together for better internet?	13th February				
Name the Air Marshal who has been appoined as the new Strategic Forces Command (SFC) Chief?	Macedonia				
	Abu Dhabi				
Which country won the Sultan Azlan Shah Hockey Cup 2019 by defeating India in the final?	David Malpass				
On which day Rajasthan Day is celebrated every year?	5th February				
Name the mission in which Indian scientists successfully targeted and brought down a live satellite on a Low Earth Orbit with an anti-satellite missile (A-SAT)?	Navkaranjit Singh Dhillon				
					
After the success of this mission India has become the 4th space superpower.					
On which public sector bank the Reserve Bank of India has imposed Rs 2 crore penalty for non-compliance of regulatory directions with regard to SWIFT operations?	South Korea				
	30th March				
SWIFT is a global messaging software, which is used for sharing information on inter-bank transactions by financial entities.	Mission Shakti				
Which Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) has developed an Artificial Intelligence-based electronic hardware system to detect malaria, tuberculosis, intestinal parasite, and cervical cancer in milliseconds?					
The UGC has prohibited imparting distance degree programmes in which subject?					
The Supreme Court has warned which bank for non-disclosure of bank inspection reports?	Punjab National Bank				
Name the founder and chairman of the RUJ Group who has been conferred with the prestigious Pravasi Bharatiya Samman Award on 29th March, 2019?					
Which Indian personality was recently honoured with Croatia’s highest civilian award 'Grand Order of the King of Tomislav'?					
In which bank the Union Government has decided to infuse a capital of 5,042 crore rupees ahead of its merger with two other public sector lenders Dena Bank and Vijaya Bank?	IIT Delhi				
	Agriculture				
The merger would be effective from 1st April 2019.	Reserve Bank of India				
Which place at an altitude of 15,256 feet has now became the world’s highest polling station in the sleepy hamlet of Buddhist-dominated Lahaul-Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh?	Dr. Rajendra Kumar Joshi				
India had signed an MoU on Antarctic cooperation in February 2019 with which nation?	President Ram Nath Kovind				
After acquiring a majority stake in REC Ltd (formerly Rural Electrification Corporation Limited), center backed ____________ become India’s second largest Govt-owned Financial Firm after State Bank of India (SBI), based on market capitalization.	Bank of Baroda				
What was India rank in the World Economic Forum’s Global Energy Transition Index 2019?					
Who was appointed as the Chief of Naval Staff on March 23, 2019?					
Which airline has recently recognized itself as a defaulter of bank payments with a debt of over USD 1 billion?	Tashigang				
Name the retired Supreme Court judge who was appointed as the first Lokpal of India on March 19, 2019?	Argentina				
In which state Gauri Sawant has been appointed by the Election Commission of India as the first transgender election ambassador?	Power Finance Corporation (PFC)				
Which port has become the first Indian port operator to achieve a new record of handling 200 million tonnes (MT) cargo movement?	76				
The first set of four Chinook heavy lift helicopters was inducted in Indian Air Force on March 25, 2019. From which country India procured these helicopters?	Karambir Singh				
Which team won the 2018-19 edition of Indian Super League (Football) defeating FC Goa in the finals?	Jet Airways				
Which public sector bank has become the first in the country to link savings bank interest rate to RBI repo rate?	Pinaki Chandra Ghose				
Name the Chief Minister of Goa (also former Defence Minister of India) who passed away recently?	Maharashtra				
How much billion dollar was accepted by Reserve Bank of India(RBI) from banks at its currency swap auction to ease liquidity?	Adani Port				
Who has been appointed as the new Chairperson of the newly constituted National Commission for Backward Classes?	USA				
Who sworn-in as the 11th Chief Minister of Goa?	Bengaluru FC				
Name the German car manufacturer which has been imposed a penalty of Rs. 500 crore by the National Green Tribunal (NGT)?	State Bank of India (SBI)				
The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India recently signed an MoU with which organisation for better implementation of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016?	Manohar Parriker				
India Post has released a special stamp cover on which environmental initiative?	$5 billion				
On whic date National Immunisation Day 2019 was observed in India?	Bhagwan Lal Sahni				
The Kartarpur Corridor will connect which district of Punjab with Pakistan?	Pramod Sawant				
Which day in March has been declared to be observed as Jan Ausadhi Diwas to create awareness about use of generic medicines?	Volkswagen				
What is the Current Account Deficit (CAD) of India in the 3rd quarter of the year 2019?	Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)				
Name the Second Scorpene Class Submarine which is set to be inducted into the Indian Navy by May 2019?	Ice Stupas				
Which bank was categorised by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on March 14, 2019 as a 'Private Sector Bank' for regulatory purposes with effect from January 21, 2019?	10th March				
The Geographical Indications Registry on March 1, 2019 granted the GI Tag to four categories of Arabica Coffee. In which Indian state Arabica Coffee is grown?	Gurdaspur				
Which company signed a partnership with the International Cricket Council (ICC) as official sponsor of the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup 2019?	7th March				
Who took over as the Director of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) recently?	2.5% of GDP				
Which city was adjudged as India's Cleanest City for the third consecutive year as per Swachh Survekshan 2019?	INS Khanderi				
Which city was awarded as the Cleanest Capital in the Swachh Survekshan 2019 survey?	IDBI Bank Limited				
Which company has launched a free app called "Bolo" that parents can download to help primary grade children to improve their Hindi and English reading skills?	Karnataka				
On which day Janaushadhi Diwas was celebrated across India for providing impetus and creating awareness about use of generic medicines?	GoDaddy				
As per the World Air Quality Report 2018 released by IQAir AirVisual and Greenpeace on March 5, 2019, seven of the top 10 most polluted cities in the world are in India. Which city was ranked as the most polluted capital in the world?	A.K. Mohanty				
The Union Home Ministry has launched smart fencing on which Indian border to deter illegal infiltration?	Indore				
For children studying in which class ISRO has launched Young Scientist Programme (Yuva Vigyani Karyakram)?	Bhopal				
	Google				
	7th March				
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS	Delhi				
On which date World Theatre Day is observed every year?	Indo-Bangladesh Border				
Which company has developed its largest power storage system in Asia at Osaka train station in Japan to reduce energy demand and provide emergency backup power to trains in Japan?	Class 9th				
Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition (LIMA-19) was held in which country?					
Which country topped the World Economic Forum’s Global Energy Transition Index?					
					
Switzerland and Norway are in the second and third positions respectively.	27th March				
Name the 39th president of the United States who has become the longest living President in the history of the United States politics?	Tesla				
On which date World Tuberculosis Day is observed every year?	Malaysia				
Which country launched the Hyperspectral Precursor of the Application Mission (PRISMA) Satellite?	Sweden				
Which nation has become the first G-7 country to sign up for China’s Belt and Road Initiative?					
President of which country has resigned from his position after nearly 30 years in power?					
	Jimmy Carter				
Nursultan Nazarbayev was the President of this country for 30 long years.	24th March				
Which country will host the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup 2020?	Italy				
	Italy				
The 2020 World Cup will be the seventh edition of the U-17 Women's tournament.	Kazakhstan				
Name the American mathematician who has become the first woman to be awarded the Abel Prize, also known as the Nobel for mathematics?					
Which cricket playing country has won its first test match in its cricket history by defeating Ireland?					
Name the Swiss tennis player who has become the second person in the world to win 100 ATP titles in his career after Jimmy Connors?	India				
On which date World Consumer Rights Day is observed?					
UN Security Council passed a new Resolution 2462 in order to combat which issue?					
On which day World Water Day was observed across the world?	Karen Uhlenbeck				
What was the theme of World Water Day 2019?	Afghanistan				
On which date World Consumer Rights Day is observed every year?	Roger Federer				
Name the West Indian cricketer who has become the first in the world to hit more than 500 sixes in international cricket?	15th March				
On which date International Women's Day is observed across the world?	Terror financing				
Over 40 countries including India decided to ground which model of Boeing aircraft?	22nd March				
On which date World Wildlife Day is observed every year?	Leaving no one behind				
Google Doodle celebrated 30th anniversary of World Wide Web (WWW) on March 12. Who invented WWW?	15th March				
RBI will issue Rs 20 banknotes of greenish-yellow colour. The new Rs 20 banknotes will bear which heritage site of India?	Chris Gayle				
Which rule under the 'Conduct of Elections Rules' lists out a 6-month jail term along with a Rs 1000 fine for falsely reporting malfunctioning of EVMs and VVPATs?	8th March				
Which cyclone is expected to intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm and will continue to move North West and change its path to North East in India, as per Indian Meteorological Department (MeT) department?	Boeing 737 MAX				
Wrestling Federation of India recommended whom for the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award 2019?	3rd March				
The National Company Law Tribunal approved the merger of which bank with Bharat Financial Inclusion?	Tim Berners-Lee				
The High Court of which state lifted the ban on mobile application TikTok, three weeks after it had asked the government to prohibit further downloads of this popular Chinese short-video application?	Ellora Caves				
Former Indian Army Chief General Dalbir Singh Suhag was recently appointed as India's High Commissioner to which country?	Rule 49MA				
The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) launched the MERA India programme to eliminate which disease from India by 2030?	Cyclone Fani				
Which country in a landmark step released a special stamp on the theme of Ramayana for the first time underlining strong centuries old cultural bonds?	Bajrang Punia and Vinesh Phogat				
How many medals did India win at the 23rd edition of the Asian Athletics Championship?	IndusInd Bank				
What was India's position at the 23rd edition of the Asian Athletics Championship?	Madras High Court				
The Indian Army recently began online registration of women for recruitment into which field for the first time?	Seychelles				
Which Indian financial institution has sold its entire stake in the National Housing Bank (NHB) and the National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (NABARD) to the Union Government for Rs 1,450 crore and Rs 20 crore, respectively.	Malaria				
Bollywood actor Sunny Deol has joined which political party on 23rd April 2019?	Indonesia				
On which day the Civil Services Day is celebrated every year in India?	17 medals (3 Gold, 7 silver and 7 bronze)				
Which Indian wrestler has become world number one in the men's 65kg freestyle category?	Fourth				
What is India’s rank in the World Press Freedom Index 2019?	Military Police				
The Supreme Court of India has determined which illness as a ground to spare death row convicts from the gallows?	Reserve Bank of India				
Which Sub-Sonic Cruise Missile was successfully test fired by DRDO on April 15, 2019?	Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)				
Who has been named captain of the Indian squad for the ICC World Cup 2019 in England and Wales?	21st April				
	Bajrang Punia				
ICC Cricket World Cup 2019 is scheduled to begin in England and Wales from May 30, 2019.	140th				
Who is the first Chief Minister to have been barred from campaigning by the Election Commission on April 15, 2019, for a set period for violating the model code of conduct during election rallies?	Mental illness				
The Election Commission of India has stalled the release of a biopic during election period. The film was based on which political leader?	Nirbhay				
Lakshmi Vilas Bank recently announced merger with which mortgage financier firm in an all stock deal?	Virat Kohli				
Who was appointed as the first chief justice of new Andhra Pradesh High Court?					
Kartik Chandra Rath passed away after a prolonged illness. He belonged to which field?					
On which day the National Maritime Day is observed every year in India?	Yogi Adityanath				
Which country recently honoured PM Narendra Modi with its highest decoration Zayed Medal?	PM Narendra Modi				
Which country has approved the sale of 24 multi-role MH-60R Seahawk maritime helicopters to India at an estimated cost of USD 2.6 billion?	Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd				
Which electronic intelligence satellite was launched by the Indian space agency, Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) on April 1, 2019 along with 28 other satellites of global customers?	Vikram Nath				
Name the chatbot platfform in which a majority stake was bought by Reliance Jio in a Rs 700-crore deal, which includes a Rs 470 crore investment for future growth of the business?	Theatre				
Name the guided missile destroyer launched by the Indian Navy at Mazagaon Dock Shipbuilders, Mumbai?	5th April				
Which team won the 73rd edition of Santosh Trophy football tournament defeating Punjab in the finals?	United Arab Emirates (UAE)				
Name the HDFC promoted finance company with which the merger of Bandhan Bank has been approved by Competition Commission of India (CCI)?	USA				
Name the renowned Hindi poet, known for his humorous poetry, who passed away on April 12, 2019?	EMISAT				
Name the programmes launched by the Government of West Bengal which have won the prestigious World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) awards under the United Nations?	Haptik				
Name the Telugu poet who has been awarded the Saraswati Samman 2018 for his collection of poetry Pakkaki Ottigilite?	INS Imphal				
Name the highest civilian award of Russia which has been awarded to the Indian Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi?	Services				
Name the railway station in North East Frontier Railway zone which has become the first in the country to be awarded ISO certification (ISO-14001) by the National Green Tribunal?	GRUH Finance				
Name the president of All India Football Federation who has become the first Indian to be elected as the member of FIFA Executive Council for a period of 4 years?	Pradeep Choubey				
Which team won the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament defeating India in the finals at Ipoh, Malaysia?	Utkarsh Bangla and Sabuj Sathi				
Name the former Australian hockey player who has been appointed as the coach of Indian national men's hockey team?	K Siva Reddy				
Name the Indian cricketer who has been named Wisden's Leading Cricketer in the World for the year 2018?	Order of the St Andrew, the Apostle				
Name the Indian women cricketer who has been named Wisden's Leading Women's Cricketer in the World for the year 2018?	Guwahati				
Name the village in West Imphal district of Manipur which has been tagged as India's first carbon positive settlement?	Praful Patel				
	South Korea				
	Graham Reid				
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS	Virat Kohli				
Which south-asian country has recently announced to relocate its capital from Jakarta?	Smriti Mandhana				
What is the name of Japan’s new imperial era that will begin on May 1, 2019?	Phayeng				
					
Japan's new emperor, Naruhito, has formally ascended to the Chrysanthemum Throne, replacing his father, Akihito.					
Which nation has announced a ban on covering of the face with any kind of veil or burqa that prevents identification of the person?					
	Indonesia				
The order comes a week after coordinated suicide bomb blasts hit three churches and three luxury hotels in the nation on the occasion of Easter on April 21, 2019?, killing over 250 people and injuring more than 500 others.	Reiwa				
Which city hosted the 23rd edition of the Asian Athletics Championship?					
					
The Asian Athletics Championship began on April 21, 2019. The four-day event will see participation from 63 nations across the world.	Sri Lanka				
Name the African country which is the first of three country in Africa in which the malaria vaccine, known as RTS,S, will be made available to children up to 2 years of age?					
					
The other two African country Ghana and Kenya will introduce the vaccine later.	Doha (Qatar)				
On which day the World Intellectual Property Day was observed across the world?					
Which country topped the medal tally at the 23rd edition of the Asian Athletics Championship?					
	Malawi				
China with 10 gold, 13 silver, 7 bronze and Japan with 5 gold, 4 silver, 9 bronze came second and third respectively.					
On which day World Malaria Day is celebrated every year?					
On which day the World Book and Copyright Day is observed every year?	26th April				
On which day the Global Earth Day is celebrated every year?	Bahrain (11 gold, 7 silver and 4 bronze)				
					
Theme for the year 2019: Protect Our Species.					
On which day the World Heritage Day is observed every year?	25th April				
	23rd April				
It is observed with an aim to create awareness among the people to conserve and protect the valuable assets and cultural heritage across the world.	22nd April				
Sri Lanka on April 18, 2019 has launched its first satellite into space from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport at NASA’s Wallops Flight Facility on Virginia’s East Shore. What is the name of this satellite?					
Which organisation releases World Press Freedom Index every year?					
Which country topped the World Press Freedom Index 2019?	18th April				
Which US-based company recently announced its plans to shut down its online retail operations in China?					
A raging fire recently tore through Notre-Dame Cathedral and brought its towering spire and roof crashing to the ground, wiping out centuries of priceless heritage central to French culture and history. The cathedral is located in which country?					
In respect of which disease, the World Health Organization (WHO) has raised an alarm over a 300 percent increase globally in the first quarter of 2019 compared with last year?	Raavana-1				
An international scientific team recently announced a milestone in astrophysics - the first-ever photo of a black hole - using a global network of telescopes to gain insight into celestial objects with gravitational fields so strong no matter or light can escape. The research was conducted by which project?	Reporters Without Borders				
What is the name given by Hawaiian language professor Larry Kimura to the first ever black hole photographed by Event Horizon Telescope?	Norway				
Who has been elected as the new President of the World Bank on April 6, 2019?	Amazon				
On which day the World Heath Day is observed every year?	France				
Name the Australian female umpire who has become the first woman to be an umpire in men's one-day international cricket?	Measles				
Name the cloud management tool launched by Google allowing its users to run applications from anywhere?	Event Horizon Telescope (EHT)				
Who was sworn in as the new Prime Minister of Palestinian on April 3, 2019?	Powehi				
Who is the new Defence Minister of India?	David Malpass				
Who is the new Home Minister of India	7th April				
Who is the new Finance Minister of India	Claire Polosak				
For complete list of new Cabinet Ministers, Click Here	Google Anthos				
Which legendary cricketer of India has made his debut as a commentator in the opening match of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2019?	Mohammad Shtayyeh				
What is the position of India in the latest ICC ODI Team Rankings?	Rajnath Singh				
Which Indian state celebrated its statehood on May 30?	Amit Shah				
Which group of countries were invited by India to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on May 30, 2019?	Nirmala Sitharaman				
Which surface to air missile was successfully test fired from Interim Test Range (ITR), Chandipur, Odhisa by Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)?					
Which Indian Insititution launched a competition for its logo and mottoo on May 28, 2019?	Sachin Tendulkar				
Who took oath as the new Chief Minister of Sikkim?	Second				
Who will be sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh?	Goa				
Name the YSR Congress Chief who will be sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh on May 30?	BIMSTEC				
To which Asian country India has recently delivered a pair of Mi-24 attack helicopters?	AKASH-MK-1S				
Who is the youngest BJP candidate to win in the Lok Sabha Elections 2019 from Bangalore South seat?	Lokpal				
On which date the 28th death anniversary of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi was observed across India?	Prem Singh Golay				
Name the Indian spinner who recently started lifestyle brand CheQmate?	Pema Khandu				
Which Bollywood actor has been appointed by UPI payments app BharatPe as its Brand Ambassador?	Jagan Mohan Reddy				
In how many constituencies the voting for the 2019 Lok Sabha Elections was held?	Afghanistan				
In which state 26 reservoirs have reached "zero storage" according to statistics put out by the Water Conservation department of state government?	Tejaswi Surya (Age - 28 years)				
Aiming at a 'cash-lite' society, which institution released a vision document for ensuring a safe, secure, convenient, quick and affordable e-payment system as it expects the number of digital transactions to increase more than four times to 8,707 crore in December 2021?	21st May				
Which team defeated Chennai Super Kings by 1 run in a last-ball thriller to become the 1st team to win the Indian Premier League (IPL) for the 4th time?	Yuzvendra Chahal				
Which player became the Player of the Series in the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2019?	Salman Khan				
Which player won the Purple Cap in IPL season 2019 for taking highest number of wickets?	542				
Which player won the Orange Cap in IPL season 2019 for scoring highest number of runs?	Maharashtra				
Former Congress leader Kadavoor Sivadasan passed away on May 17. He was a five-time MLA from which Indian state?	Reserve Bank of India				
On which day the National Dengue Day is observed every year in India?	Mumbai Indians				
Which state has 35 percent of the country's Graphite deposits as per the Geological Survey of India (GSI)?	Andre Russell				
Which department launched MANAV : Human Atlas Initiative on May 10, towards improving knowledge on human physiology?	Imran Tahir				
What is the name of famous folk singer, also known as 'Birha Samrat', who passed away recently?	David Warner				
What is the name of Kerala's largest temple festival which began on May 12?	Kerala				
What is the theme of Indian Army in 2019 to reach out to the next of kin of battle casualties, ex-servicemen and serving soldiers?	16th May				
Name the retired Supreme Court judge who has been appointed to the Supreme Court of Fiji?	Arunachal Pradesh				
Which US-based magazine recently released its cover featuring image of PM Narendra Modi with headline 'India's Divider in Chief'?	Department of Biotechnology (DBT)				
India recently was re-elected as Observer to which international forum?	Hiralal Yadav				
158th Birth Anniversary of which Nobel laureate was celebrated in India recently?	Thrissur Pooram				
Which Indian has been re-elected to International Narcotics Control Board for a five-year term beginning on March 2, 2020 and expiring on March 1, 2025?	Year of Next of Kin				
Which Indian Navy Ship, a Rajput class destroyer, was decommissioned at Naval Dockyard, Visakhapatnam after having served for 36 years?	Madan Bhimrao Lokur				
The Indian Navy launched which Scorpene-class submarine, the fourth of six underwater warships being built in India with French collaboration, with an aim to boost Indian capability to defend and secure the strategic sea lanes?	TIME				
Name the Indian shooter who attained the world number one position in the women's 10m air rifle event recently?	Arctic Council				
RBI announced to issue Rs 20 banknotes of greenish-yellow colour. The new Rs 20 banknotes will bear which heritage site?	Rabindranath Tagore				
Name the High-speed Expendable Aerial Target (HEAT) drone which was successfully tested from Interim Test Range (ITR) in Odisha’s Chandipur?	Jagjit Pavadia				
Name the All India Football Federation president who has become the first Indian to be elected as the member of FIFA Executive Council for a period of 4 years?	INS Ranjit				
Which country has conferred its highest civilian honour named Zayed Medal upon the Indian Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi?	INS Vela				
From which country India is procuring Kamov-31 Airborne Early Warning and Control helicopters for the Indian Navy	Apurvi Chandela				
Name the former Chairman of Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) who has been conferred France's highest civilian award Chevalier of the Order of the Legion of Honour?	Ellora Caves				
On which day World No Tobacco Day is observed across the world?	Abhyas				
Which country removed India from its currency monitoring list of major trading partners after certain developments and steps were taken by India to avert concerns surrounding foreign exchange irregularities?	Praful Patel				
On which day International Day of UN Peacekeepers is observed across the world?	UAE				
USA	Russia				
Which country is hosting the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup, the 12th edition of the Cricket World Cup from 30 May to 14 July 2019?	Dr. AS Kiran Kumar				
How many teams are participating in the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup?	10 teams				
Which activity has been officially labelled by the World Health Organisation (WHO) as an addictive disorder?	Excessive gaming				
On which day Menstrual Hygiene Day 2019 is observed?	28th May				
The ICC World Cup 2019 will begin in England and Wales on?	30th May				
Name the Chinese technology giant against which the US-based company Google Inc has announced suspension of its services?	Huawei				
Who has been recently re-elected as the President of South Africa?	Cyril Ramaphosa				
Name the 41 year old Omani author who won the Man Booker International Prize 2019 for her novel - Celestial Bodies?	Jokha Alharthi				
What is the name of farthest place in universe where NASA’s spacecraft has recently found evidence of water?	Ultima Thule				
On which day World Metrology Day is observed every year?	20th May				
Who was elected as the President of Indonesia for the second term?	Joko Widodo				
Which tennis sportsperson received the Knighthood by Prince Charles, Prince of Wales in recognition of his services to tennis?	Sir Andy Murray				
On which day the World Telecommunication and Information Society Day is observed every year?	17th May				
Which country has become the first in Asia to legalise same-sex marriage?	Taiwan				
Which country’s President has declared a national emergency to protect its computer networks from espionage?	United States of America (USA)				
Which country will host the 2023 Asian Football Cup?	China				
Which country recently blocked all editions of Wikipedia?	China				
Who sworn in as the prime minister of Australia recently?	Scott Morrison				
Which treaty was amended recently by around 180 countries to include Plastic Waste?	Basel Convention				
Which country has reached an agreement with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on a bailout package under which the cash-strapped country will receive $ 6 billion over three years?	Pakistan				
During which period the Global Road Safety Week was celebrated across the world?	May 6 to May 12				
What was the theme of United Nations Global Road Safety Week which was observed from May 6 to May 12?	Leadership for Road Safety				
Which sportsperson was awarded with the highest US civilian honour?	Tiger Woods				
On which day the World Press Freedom Day 2019 was observed across the world?	43954				
Name the Nepalese Sherpa climber who has scaled Mount Everest for a 23rd time, breaking his own record for the most successful ascents of the world's highest peak?	Kami Rita				
Which US-based software company has unveiled the World's 1st Election Software named ElectionGuard that lets the voter track his vote till the end?	Microsoft				
Name the Sri Lankan cricketer who has become the first non-British person to be appointed the President of Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) for a period of one year from 1st Oct 2019?	Kumar Sangakkara				
Who is the author of the book - Game Changer?	Shahid Afridi				
					
What was the theme of the International Labour Day observed on May 1?	Sustainable Pension for All: The Role of Social Partners				
Which country has become the first in the world to declare an environment and climate emergency in its Parliament?	United Kingdom				
Name the Indian Coast Guard officer who has been chosen to be the next Director General of Coast Guard replacing DG Rajendra Singh on 30 June 2019?	Krishnaswamy Natrajan				
Who was appointed as the Director of Research and Analysis Wing (RAW)?	Samant Kumar Goel				
On which day the National Statistics Day is observed in India?	29th June				
Name the CEO of Niti Aayog who has got two year extension till June 30 2021?	Amitabh Kant				
Name the senior IPS officer who has been appointed as the new Chief of Intelligence Bureau (IB)?	Arvind Kumar				
Name the IT Industry icon who will retire as the Executive Chairman of Wipro with effect from July 30, 2019?	Azim Premji				
Name the Padma Vibhushan awardee, also popularly known as the Metro Man, who recently resigned as the Principal Advisor to Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation (LMRC) citing health issues?	E. Sreedharan				
How much penalty has been proposed for not providing way to emergency vehicles under the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Bill approved by cabinet?	Rs. 10,000				
Name the Indian player who completed a career Grand Slam in snooker by winning Asian Snooker Championship title?	Pankaj Advani				
Which Indian bowler has recently become the second Indian bowler to take hat-trick in World Cup history?	Mohammed Shami				
Who has been appointed as the new Speaker of Lok Sabha?	Om Birla				
Who has been named as the Congress leader in Lok Sabha?	Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury				
Who has been appointed as the new leader of Rajya Sabha?	Thawarchand Gehlot				
Who won Femina Miss India 2019 Pageant?	Suman Rao				
Which company has unveiled India's first smart electric motor bike RV 400?	Revolt Intellicorp				
In which Indian state over 100 children have died due to Encephalitis?	Bihar				
Which Indian batsman has become the fastest to score 11,000 runs in ODIs?	Virat Kohli				
In which state the Indian Medical Association (IMA) declared All India Protest Day on June 14 after doctors of this state went on strike demanding adequate security?	West Bengal				
In which state the Union Government has approved setting up of 1,000 foreigners tribunals by July 31 when the final list of National Register of Citizens (NRC) will be published?	Assam				
What is the name of IAF aircraft which crashed in Arunachal Pradesh killing all the 13 people on board?	AN-32				
The Union Government has decided to develop Eklavya Model Residential Schools at par with Navodya Vidyalaya for which community?	Schedules Tribes				
Which Indian is back on the Forbes World’s 100 Highest-Paid athletes list, making him the only Indian to feature in the rankings, once again?	Virat Kohli				
The Modi 2.0 Government created which new ministry by merging the Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation and Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation to provide safe drinking water to people?	Ministry of Jal Shakti				
Who is the minister of newly created ministry Jal Shakti?	Gajendra Singh Shekhawat				
Name the retired Indian Police Service (IPS) officer who has been reappointed as the National Security Adviser, according him a Cabinet rank?	Ajit Doval				
The Reserve Bank of India has done away with the charges levied on fund transfers through which of the following mode of transfer and asked the banks to pass on the benefits to customers?	RTGS and NEFT				
Which nation did S Jaishankar visit in his first overseas trip as India's External Affairs Minister?	Bhutan				
Name the league which will be a quarterly cleanliness assessment of Indian cities and towns and was launched by the Housing and Urban Affairs Minister Hardeep Singh Puri in New Delhi on June 6, 2019?	Swachh Survekshan League				
The scenic Dzükou Valley has become Plastic Free Zone on the occasion of World Environment Day. This valley is located in which place?	Nagaland				
What is the current Repo Rate as per the Second Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement 2019-20 of Reserve Bank of India?	5.75 percent				
Name the Indian state which has been gifted a museum of peace by Japan to mark 75 years of fiercest battles of the Second World War held in 1944?	Manipur				
Name the Chief Executive of Indian Banks Association who has been appointed head of a six-member committee constituted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to review the ATM interchange fee structure, with a view to giving a fillip to ATM deployment in unbanked areas?	VG Kannan				
Name the BJP MP who has been chosen to be the Protem Speaker of the 17th Lok Sabha?	Dr. Virendra Kumar				
Which country has honoured the Indian Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi with its highest honour Rule of Nishan Izzuddeen?	Maldives				
Name the renowned scientist who has been appointed as the chief of India Meteorological Department (IMD)?	Mrutyunjay Mohapatra				
Name the world famous Rajasthani folk dancer who died in a car accident near Jodhpur in Rajasthan?	Queen Harish				
Shri Rajiv Mehrishi, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India has been elected as the external auditor of which international organisation for a term of 4 years from 2020 to 2023?	World Health Organisation (WHO)				
Name the public sector undertaking which has become the most profitable public sector company overtaking Indian Oil Corporation for the financial year 2018-19?	Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC)				
Name the Jnanpith award winner, multi-lingual scholar, master playwright, screenwriter, actor and director who died recently?	Girish Karnad				
					
					
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS					
On which day the International Day of the Tropics is observed every year?	29th June				
2026 Winter Olympics will be held in which city?	Milan (Italy)				
ICC partnered with which international organization to deliver 'One Day for Children' at Men's Cricket World Cup 2019?	UNICEF				
What is the name of drone to be launched by NASA that would fly to the Saturn moon Titan?	Dragonfly				
What is the venue of G-20 Summit 2019?	Osaka (Japan)				
On which day International Olympic Day is observed every year across the world?	23rd June				
What is the name of Facebook’s new digital currency?	Libra				
Which International retail giant has to pay over 282 million for violating anti-corruption regulations in 4 countries?	Walmart				
On which day World Refugee Day is observed across the world?	20th June				
Around 2027 which Asian country is projected to overtake China as the world's most populous country according to a United Nations (UN) report?	India				
Which country was the host country for World Blood Donor Day 2019?	Rwanda				
Name the Malaysian Badminton star who announced his retirement due to cancer on June 13, 2019, ending a career that was marked by 348 weeks as world number one?	Lee Chong Wei				
Kassyam-Jomart Tokayev sworn in as the new President of which country on June 12, 2019?	Kazakhstan				
On which day World Day against Child Labour was observed across the world?	12th June				
What was the theme of World Day against Child Labour for the year 2019?	Children should not work in fields but on dreams				
Who topped the Forbes 2019 list of world's highest-paid athletes dethroning boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather?	Lionel Messi				
Which country announced to ban single use plastics from 2021?	Canada				
Who was elected as the Prime Minister of Thailand?	Prayuth Chan-ocha				
Which country has launched first Arctic train service that will run from St. Petersburg station?	Russia				
On which day World Environment Day is observed across the world?	5th June				
Who won French Open 2019 men's title by defeating Dominic Thiem of Austria in the final?	Rafael Nadal (Spain)				
Who won French Open 2019 women's title by defeating Marketa Vondrousova of Czech Republic in the final?	Ashleigh Barty (Australia)				
Name the Indian Coast Guard officer who has been chosen to be the next Director General of Coast Guard replacing DG Rajendra Singh on 30 June 2019?	Krishnaswamy Natrajan				
Who was appointed as the Director of Research and Analysis Wing (RAW)?	Samant Kumar Goel				
On which day the National Statistics Day is observed in India?	29th June				
Name the CEO of Niti Aayog who has got two year extension till June 30 2021?	Amitabh Kant				
Name the senior IPS officer who has been appointed as the new Chief of Intelligence Bureau (IB)?	Arvind Kumar				
Name the IT Industry icon who will retire as the Executive Chairman of Wipro with effect from July 30, 2019?	Azim Premji				
Name the Padma Vibhushan awardee, also popularly known as the Metro Man, who recently resigned as the Principal Advisor to Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation (LMRC) citing health issues?	E. Sreedharan				
How much penalty has been proposed for not providing way to emergency vehicles under the Motor Vehicle (Amendment) Bill approved by cabinet?	Rs. 10,000				
Name the Indian player who completed a career Grand Slam in snooker by winning Asian Snooker Championship title?	Pankaj Advani				
Which Indian bowler has recently become the second Indian bowler to take hat-trick in World Cup history?	Mohammed Shami				
Who has been appointed as the new Speaker of Lok Sabha?	Om Birla				
Who has been named as the Congress leader in Lok Sabha?	Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury				
Who has been appointed as the new leader of Rajya Sabha?	Thawarchand Gehlot				
Who won Femina Miss India 2019 Pageant?	Suman Rao				
Which company has unveiled India's first smart electric motor bike RV 400?	Revolt Intellicorp				
In which Indian state over 100 children have died due to Encephalitis?	Bihar				
Which Indian batsman has become the fastest to score 11,000 runs in ODIs?	Virat Kohli				
In which state the Indian Medical Association (IMA) declared All India Protest Day on June 14 after doctors of this state went on strike demanding adequate security?	West Bengal				
In which state the Union Government has approved setting up of 1,000 foreigners tribunals by July 31 when the final list of National Register of Citizens (NRC) will be published?	Assam				
What is the name of IAF aircraft which crashed in Arunachal Pradesh killing all the 13 people on board?	AN-32				
The Union Government has decided to develop Eklavya Model Residential Schools at par with Navodya Vidyalaya for which community?	Schedules Tribes				
Which Indian is back on the Forbes World’s 100 Highest-Paid athletes list, making him the only Indian to feature in the rankings, once again?	Virat Kohli				
The Modi 2.0 Government created which new ministry by merging the Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation and Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation to provide safe drinking water to people?	Ministry of Jal Shakti				
Who is the minister of newly created ministry Jal Shakti?	Gajendra Singh Shekhawat				
Name the retired Indian Police Service (IPS) officer who has been reappointed as the National Security Adviser, according him a Cabinet rank?	Ajit Doval				
The Reserve Bank of India has done away with the charges levied on fund transfers through which of the following mode of transfer and asked the banks to pass on the benefits to customers?	RTGS and NEFT				
Which nation did S Jaishankar visit in his first overseas trip as India's External Affairs Minister?	Bhutan				
Name the league which will be a quarterly cleanliness assessment of Indian cities and towns and was launched by the Housing and Urban Affairs Minister Hardeep Singh Puri in New Delhi on June 6, 2019?	Swachh Survekshan League				
The scenic Dzükou Valley has become Plastic Free Zone on the occasion of World Environment Day. This valley is located in which place?	Nagaland				
What is the current Repo Rate as per the Second Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement 2019-20 of Reserve Bank of India?	5.75 percent				
Name the Indian state which has been gifted a museum of peace by Japan to mark 75 years of fiercest battles of the Second World War held in 1944?	Manipur				
Name the Chief Executive of Indian Banks Association who has been appointed head of a six-member committee constituted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to review the ATM interchange fee structure, with a view to giving a fillip to ATM deployment in unbanked areas?	VG Kannan				
Name the BJP MP who has been chosen to be the Protem Speaker of the 17th Lok Sabha?	Dr. Virendra Kumar				
Which country has honoured the Indian Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi with its highest honour Rule of Nishan Izzuddeen?	Maldives				
Name the renowned scientist who has been appointed as the chief of India Meteorological Department (IMD)?	Mrutyunjay Mohapatra				
Name the world famous Rajasthani folk dancer who died in a car accident near Jodhpur in Rajasthan?	Queen Harish				
Shri Rajiv Mehrishi, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India has been elected as the external auditor of which international organisation for a term of 4 years from 2020 to 2023?	World Health Organisation (WHO)				
Name the public sector undertaking which has become the most profitable public sector company overtaking Indian Oil Corporation for the financial year 2018-19?	Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC)				
Name the Jnanpith award winner, multi-lingual scholar, master playwright, screenwriter, actor and director who died recently?	Girish Karnad				
					
					
INTERNATIONAL CURRENT AFFAIRS AND EVENTS					
On which day the International Day of the Tropics is observed every year?	29th June				
2026 Winter Olympics will be held in which city?	Milan (Italy)				
ICC partnered with which international organization to deliver 'One Day for Children' at Men's Cricket World Cup 2019?	UNICEF				
What is the name of drone to be launched by NASA that would fly to the Saturn moon Titan?	Dragonfly				
What is the venue of G-20 Summit 2019?	Osaka (Japan)				
On which day International Olympic Day is observed every year across the world?	23rd June				
What is the name of Facebook’s new digital currency?	Libra				
Which International retail giant has to pay over 282 million for violating anti-corruption regulations in 4 countries?	Walmart				
On which day World Refugee Day is observed across the world?	20th June				
Around 2027 which Asian country is projected to overtake China as the world's most populous country according to a United Nations (UN) report?	India				
Which country was the host country for World Blood Donor Day 2019?	Rwanda				
Name the Malaysian Badminton star who announced his retirement due to cancer on June 13, 2019, ending a career that was marked by 348 weeks as world number one?	Lee Chong Wei				
Kassyam-Jomart Tokayev sworn in as the new President of which country on June 12, 2019?	Kazakhstan				
On which day World Day against Child Labour was observed across the world?	12th June				
What was the theme of World Day against Child Labour for the year 2019?	Children should not work in fields but on dreams				
Who topped the Forbes 2019 list of world's highest-paid athletes dethroning boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather?	Lionel Messi				
Which country announced to ban single use plastics from 2021?	Canada				
Who was elected as the Prime Minister of Thailand?	Prayuth Chan-ocha				
Which country has launched first Arctic train service that will run from St. Petersburg station?	Russia				
On which day World Environment Day is observed across the world?	5th June				
Who won French Open 2019 men's title by defeating Dominic Thiem of Austria in the final?	Rafael Nadal (Spain)				
Who won French Open 2019 women's title by defeating Marketa Vondrousova of Czech Republic in the final?	Ashleigh Barty (Australia)				
Which three banks will be merged into a single entity to form the 2nd largest bank of India?	PNB, OBC & United Bank of India				
Who has become the first IPS officer to be honoured with the prestigious Tenzing Norgay National Adventure Award 2018?	Aparna Kumar				
To commemorate the birth anniversary of hockey legend Major Dhyan Chand, National Sports Day is celebrated across the country on which date?	44072				
Which financial institution recently decided to transfer a record high surplus reserve of Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the government after approving all the recommendations of the Bimal Jalan-led expert committee?	Reserve Bank of India (RBI)				
Name the Delhi High Court judge who revoked former UPA minister P Chidambaram's anticipatory bails in INX Media case by ED and CBI 48 hours before his retirement and who has been appointed as the new Chairperson of PMLA Appellate Tribunal?	Sunil Gaur				
Which telecom company has become the leading telecom operator by revenue market share (RMS) of 31.7 per cent in the April-June quarter?	Reliance Jio				
Which organization handed over to the Army the design of Mobile Metallic Ramp (MMR) for strategic mobility of armoured and mechanised units as well as formations of the Army?	Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)				
In a bid to fill the vacant seats in trains and meet the challenges posed by the roadways and airways, the Indian Railways has decided to give discount of up to __________ to passengers on ticket fares in air-conditioned executive class and chair cars of trains like Shatabdi Express, Gatiman Express, Tejas Express, Double Decker and Intercity Express.	25 per cent				
Name the India's first woman Director General of Police (DGP) who passed away recently.	Kanchan Chaudhary				
Which stadium in Delhi will soon be renamed as Arun Jaitley Stadium?	Feroz Shah Kotla stadium				
Name the 22-year-old tennis player from Haryana who earned a dream Grand Slam debut for himself in the US Open as he beat the 20-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer 6-4 in the opening set of the match?	Sumit Nagal				
Which item has been banned by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) while travelling in planes as these items have been deemed fire hazard because their batteries can overheat?	Apple Mac Book				
Name the former Finance Minister and Member of Parliament who passed away on August 24, 2019 after prolonged illness?	Arun Jaitley				
Who became the first Indian to win Badminton World Championships gold by defeating Nozomi Okuhara in two straight games 21-7, 21-17?	PV Sindhu				
In which country PM Narendra Modi officially launched the RuPay card on August 24, 2019?	UAE				
Which country awarded Prime Minister Narendra Modi 'The King Hamad Order of the Renaissance'?	Bahrain				
Whose 109th birth anniversary was commemorated across the world on August 26, 2019?	Mother Teresa				
Who won their maiden title by defeating Mohun Bagan 2–1 in the 2019 Durand Cup Final which was held on 24 August 2019?	Gokulam Kerala FC				
Name the Director General of Central Public Works Department (CPWD) who was selected for the Outstanding Engineer Award-2019 by Institution of Engineers in India?	Prabhakar Singh				
The Direct Tax Code (DTC) task force has recommended a major cut in corporate tax for both domestic and foreign companies. What is the newly recommended corporate tax rate for both domestic and foreign companies?	25 percent				
According to Greenpeace data which country is the largest emitter of anthropogenic sulphur dioxide (SO2) which is produced from burning of coal and greatly contributes to air pollution?	India				
Which country bestowed its highest civilian award 'Order of Zaid’ upon Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi?	UAE				
Which Indian structures featured in Time’s 2019 list of 100 greatest places in the world?	Statue of Unity				
What will be the retirement age of the Central Armed Police Force personnel irrespective of rank as per the order issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs?	60 years				
In which country PM Narendra Modi inaugurated Mangdechhu hydroelectric power plant?	Bhutan				
Union Minister of State for Power and New and Renewable Energy (IC) and Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, RK Singh approved a proposal to declare __________ as Renewable Energy.	ocean energy				
From which state former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh has recently been elected as a member of Rajya Sabha?	Rajasthan				
Name the music composer of films like 'Umrao Jaan', 'Bazaar' and 'Kabhi Kabhi' who passed away recently?	Mohammad Khayyam				
Name the former Chief Minister of Bihar who died recently in Delhi at the age of 83?	Jagannath Mishra				
In which city Punjab and Haryana High Court started its first virtual court through video conferencing?	Faridabad				
In which sector Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the creation of the post of Chief in his Independence Day speech 2019?	Defence				
Which Indian batsman has become first cricketer to score 20,000 international runs in a decade?	Virat Kohli				
Who created history by becoming the first Indian to claim a world title in motorsports by lifting the FIM World Cup held in Hungary in the women’s category?	Aishwarya Pissay				
Who won the National Film Award 2019 for Best Actress for her performance in Telugu film Mahanati?	Keerthy Suresh				
Who won the National Film Award 2019 for Best Actor?	Ayushmann Khurrana (Andhadhun), Vicky Kaushal (Uri: The Surgical Strike)				
Which film won the National Film Award 2019 for Best Feature Film category?	Helaru (Gujarati)				
Who won the National Film Award 2019 for Best Direction?	Aditya Dhar (Uri: The Surgical Strike)				
Which film won the National Film Award 2019 for Best Hindi Film?	Andhadhun				
Which film won the National Film Award 2019 for Best Popular Film category?	Badhaai Ho				
How many states have signed MoU with Union Ministry of Textiles for skilling about 4 lakh workers as part of Scheme for Capacity Building in Textile Sector (SAMARTH)?	16				
Name the ISRO Chief who led ISRO's successful launch of Chandrayaan 2 mission recently and who was awarded Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Award by Tamil Nadu government?	K Sivan				
Who was elected as the first woman President of Indian National Science Academy (INSA)?	Chandrima Shaha				
Name the founder of ISRO on whose 100th birthday Google has dedicated a doodle?	Vikram Sarabhai				
Which Article alongwith Article 35A related to Jammu and Kashmir was scrapped by the Parliament recently?	Article 370				
After scrapping of Article 370, now India has how many union territories?	9 (earlier it was 7)				
After scrapping of Article 370 which two union territories were formed?	Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh				
Now as a union territory, out of Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh, which one will not have a Legislative Assembly?	Ladakh				
After scrapping of Article 370, now India has how many states?	28 (earlier it was 29)				
Name the former External Affairs Minister and first women chief minister of Delhi who passed away recently?	Sushma Swaraj				
The BCCI after years of opposition has finally agreed to come under the ambit of the _________ and agreed to adhere to it’s anti-doping policy.	National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA)				
Name the former President of India who was conferred the Bharat Ratna by President Ram Nath Kovind?	Pranab Mukherjee				
Name the Assamese singer and Bharatiya Jana Sangh leader who were also awarded Bharat Ratna posthumously by President Ram Nath Kovind?	Bhupen Hazarika and Nanaji Deshmukh				
Pakistan has permanently stopped which train’s services to India?	Samjhauta express				
Name the Indian freedom struggle movement which completed 77 years on August 8, 2019?	Quit India				
Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) Third Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement, 2019-20 reduces Repo Rate by ________ from 5.75 per cent.	35 basis points				
According to the Periodic Labour Force Survey (PLFS) 2017-18, what percentage of India’s young people (15-29 years) in the labour force are unemployed?	17.8 per cent				
On which day The National Handloom Day was observed across India?	44050				
India’s 1st 3-D Smart Traffic Signal “Intelights” devised by the students of Chitkara University was launched in which city?	Mohali				
As per the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in which state ‘Bharati Huda’, a rural settlement, had thrived about 3600 years ago?	Odisha				
How many individuals will be scanned under the Human Genome Mapping Project of Government of India?	20000				
Who sworn in as the Governor of Nagaland?	RN Ravi				
Delhi Government announced to provide free electricity to households consuming up electricity up to what power?	200 units				
Which Indian journalist of NDTV news channel has been selected for the Ramon Magsaysay Award 2019?	Ravish Kumar				
Name the veteran Bollywood actress who was known for her role in films like Choti si Baat, Rajnigandha etc. who passed away on August 15, 2019?	Vidya Sinha				
Name the former Indian cricketer who has been appointed coach of Indian cricket team for the second time in a row?	Ravi Shastri				
What was the rank of India in the Global GDP rankings released by World Bank for 2018?	seventh				
Which country will be the host of G7 summit 2020?	United States				
On which day Women's Equality Day is observed every year to celebrate the passage of the 19th Amendment in the United States of America that provides voting rights to the women?	44069				
Amazon rainforest, the world’s largest rain forest, which provides almost 20 percent of the earth’s oxygen, has been burning for over 16 days resulted in a major loss of trees and biodiversity. This rainforest is in which continent?	South America				
Which glacier in Iceland has lost its identity due to climate change?	Okjokull				
What is the name of new Android version launched by Google on August 22, 2019?	Android 10				
Which nation has unveiled a domestically-built Bavar-373 missile defense system despite sanctions?	Iran				
Which country hosted the 28th BASIC ((Brazil, South Africa, India and China)) Ministerial meeting on Climate Change?	Brazil				
On which day the World Humanitarian Day 2019 was observed across the world?	44062				
Who won ‘Doodle for Google’ 2019 contest for her Doodle titled “Once You Get It, Give It Back.”?	Arantza Pena Popo				
On which day the World Sanskrit Divas 2019 was celebrated?	44058				
What was the theme of International Youth Day 2019?	Transforming Education				
Which South African cricketer has announced his retirement from all forms of International cricket on August 8, 2019?	Hashim Amla				
Which player topped Forbes magazine's list of highest-paid women player in sports category?	Serena Williams				
Name the Hollywood actress who has been named the highest paid actress in 2019 by the Forbes magazine?	Scarlett Johnsson				
Which film has been nominated for Oscar 2019 as India’s official entry?	Gully Boy				
Who has been selected for the Dadasaheb Phalke award?	Amitabh Bachchan				
Which city hosted the Howdy Modi event where PM Narendra Modi and US President Donald Trump shared the stage together?	Houston				
Which Indian athlete was recently awarded with International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) Veteran Pin Prize?	PT Usha				
What is India's position in digital competitiveness in the world as per the IMD World Digital Competitiveness Ranking 2019 (WDCR) report?	44th				
Who is the author of the book Reset: Regaining India’s Economic Legacy?	Subramanian Swamy				
Who was conferred with the "Global Goalkeeper" award by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on September 24, 2019 for his leadership in India’s massive Swachh Bharat Abhiyan?	Prime Minister Narendra Modi				
Who has become the first Indian cricketer to bowl 3 maidens in T20Is?	Deepti Sharma				
Which is India’s first corporate-run train that is slated to run from Lucknow to Delhi on October 4, 2019?	Tejas Express				
Which State/UT became the first to issue the highest number of Golden Cards under Ayushman Bharat scheme?	Jammu & Kashmir				
Who has become first Indian boxer to won silver medal in World Boxing Championship 2019?	Amit Panghal				
In order to attract fresh investment in manufacturing and thereby provide boost to ‘Make-in-India’ initiative of the Government, new domestic manufacturing companies incorporated after October 1, has been allowed to pay income tax at a rate of ___ per cent without any incentives.	15				
In order to promote growth and investment, a new provision has been inserted in the Income-tax Act with effect from FY 2019-20 which allows any domestic company an option to pay income-tax at the rate of __ per cent subject to condition that they will not avail any exemption/incentive.	22				
Which Indian documentary based on the life of an Uttarakhand farmer Vidyadutt and directed by Nirmal Chander has been nominated for the Oscars?	Moti Bagh				
Which state government has made Sanskrit language compulsory from 3rd to 8th grade in all government and private schools?	Uttarakhand				
Who took charge as the 26th chief of the Indian Air Force succeeding Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa?	Rakesh Kumar Singh Bhadauria				
Who has become the first Defence Minister to fly indigenously-built Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas?	Rajnath Singh				
Which state has decided to celebrate the year of 2020 as the Year of Artificial Intelligence (AI)?	Telangana				
As per announcement made by the Chief Minister B S Yediyurappa, Hyderabad Karnataka region comprising Bidar, Ballari, Kalaburagi, Koppal, Raichur and Yadgir would be renamed as _____________?	Kalyana Karnataka				
Who recently became the first Indian wrestler to qualify for 2020 Tokyo Olympics after defeating world number one Sarah Ann Hildebrandt in the ongoing World Wrestling Championship in Kazakhstan	Vinesh Phogat				
Which company will flag-off the country’s first non-Indian Railways run passenger train between Lucknow and Delhi on October 4, offering passengers, better amenities and a refund of ₹100 if the train is late by an hour?	IRCTC				
Over 6 crore EPFO subscribers to get ___ per cent interest for 2018-19.	8.65				
On which day Prime Minister Narendra Modi celebrated his 69th birthday?	17th September				
Which Air-to-Air missile was successfully flight-tested from the fighter jet Su-30 MKI?	Astra				
Name the world-renowned chef whose directorial debut- 'The Last Colour' won the Best Feature Film award at the Indian International Film Festival of Boston?	Vikas Khanna				
Who among the following set a new record in cue sports by winning his 22nd World Billiards Title at the IBSF World Billiards Championship 2019?	Pankaj Advani				
The Centre has pledged to provide how much fund to ECGC in next five years?	Rs 8,500 crore				
Who has been appointed as the first Lokayukta of Andhra Pradesh?	Justice P Lakshman Reddy				
Who has become the 44th person in the world and the first Indian to complete the Enduroman — a triathlon from England to France which is considered to be one of the toughest endurance competitions in the world?	Mayank Vaid				
Which organisation has decided to translate and publish an anthology of the writings of Guru Nanak Dev in world languages to mark his 550th birth anniversary?	UNESCO				
Name one of India’s most renowned and respected criminal lawyers who passed away at the age of 95 on September 8, 2019?	Ram Jethmalani				
Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently inaugurated South Asia’s first cross-border oil pipeline. The pipeline will connect India with which nation?	Nepal				
Which Committee has been constituted by the Union Government to oversee the bifurcation of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) into Union Territories?	Sanjay Mitra Committee				
At which place in Jharkhand, Prime Minister Narendra Modi dedicated to nation the second Multi Modal Terminal constructed on the river Ganga and built at a cost of ₹290 crores under Jal Marg Vikas Project (JMVP)?	Sahibganj				
In which airport, India’s tallest Air Traffic Control tower was inaugurated to enhance safety and efficiency of air transport management services?	Indira Gandhi International Airport (Delhi)				
Who was appointed as the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi?	Pramod Kumar Mishra				
Who has been appointed as the Principal Advisor to Prime Minister Narendra Modi?	P K Sinha				
Which programme was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi which aims to control the livestock diseases by 2025 and eradicate these by 2030?	National Animal Disease Control Programme				
Who sworn-in as the Governor of Rajasthan recently?	Kalraj Mishra				
Which newly created Union Territories will have a common high court?	Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh				
Name the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) of India who recently assumed the Chairmanship of ‘Association of World Election Bodies’ (AWEB) on September 3, 2019?	Sunil Arora				
Which Ministry won the Swachh Bharat award in Swachhta Action Plan category?	Ministry of Railways				
Name the activist who has become the first Indian to be awarded the Changemaker Award 2019 by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for her work towards abolition of child marriage in Rajasthan?	Payal Jangid				
Name the noted mathematician, educator and founder of Super 30 from Bihar who has been awarded Education Excellence Award 2019 by US based organisation Foundation for Excellence?	Anand Kumar				
Name the Indian bowler who has become the 3rd Indian to claim a hat-trick in test cricket while playing against West Indies?	Jasprit Bumrah				
What was the theme of the 7th annual World Hindu Economic Forum (WHEF) 2019 held in Mumbai?	Prosperous Society: Stronger Society				
Name the Indian classical singer after whom a minor planet (located between Mars and Jupiter) has been named?	Pandit Jasraj				
Name the Indian duo who won the IBSF World Snooker Team title defeating the team from Thailand at Mandalay, Myanmar?	Pankaj Advani and Aditya Mehta				
Which 178-year-old British travel company collapsed recently due to bankruptcy?	Thomas Cook				
Who has been selected as the new Chief of International Monetary Fund (IMF)?	Kristalina Georgieva				
Which nation topped the IMD World Digital Competitiveness Ranking 2019?	USA				
On which day World Tourism Day is observed?	27th September				
On which day World Maritime Day 2019 is observed?	26th September				
"How dare you? You have stolen my dreams, my childhood with your empty words." Who said these words blasting off the world leaders during the 2019 UN climate action summit in New York?	Greta Thunberg				
Who won the FIFA's Best Men's Player Award 2019 for his outstanding performance?	Lionel Messi				
Who won the FIFA's Best Women's Player Award 2019 for her outstanding performance?	Megan Rapinoe				
Which television series won the 'Outstanding Drama Series Award' in the 71st Emmy Awards?	Game of Thrones				
On which day International Day of Peace is observed?	21st September				
The 2019 theme of the International Day of Peace is?	Climate Action for Peace				
On which day World Health Organization (WHO) celebrated the first World Patient Safety Day to create awareness about safety of patients?	17th September				
Name the chairman of Alibaba, one of world's largest online shopping website, who has stepped down from his post?	Jack Ma				
Who won US Open 2019 Men's singles title by defeating Daniil Medvedev 7-5, 6-3, 5-7, 4-6, 6-4 in the final?	Rafael Nadal (Spain)				
Who won US Open 2019 Women's singles title by defeating 23-time major champion Serena Williams 6-3, 7-5 in the final?	Bianca Andreescu (Canada)				
Robert Mugabe passed away at the age of 95 on September 6, 2019. He served as the President of which nation for almost four decades?	Zimbabwe				
On which day International Literacy Day is observed?	8th September				
President Donald Trump has formally launched the US Space Command, which he said will ensure that America's dominance in space is "never threatened," amidst advances made by countries like Russia and China. What is the name of this space command?	SpaceCom				
At which place UN Climate Action Summit was held on 23rd September 2019 with the theme - A Race We Can Win?	New York				
Which country won the Under-19 Asia Cup cricket tournament defeating Bangladesh in the finals held in Colombo, Sri Lanka?	India				
Name the Sri Lankan cricketer who has become the first bowler to claim 100 wickets in T20 internationals?	Lasith Malinga				
Name the former leg-spinner from Pakistan who passed away on 06 Sep 2019?	Abdul Qadir				
What’s your name?	My name’s Jacob				
Where are you from?	I’m from London				
Where do you come from?	I come from London				
What is your surname?	Brown				
What is your family name?	My family name is Brown.				
What’s your first name?	My first name is John.				
What’s your address?	I stay at, 13 United Street.				
Where do you live?	I live in England.				
What’s your telephone number?	My number is 845 676				
What’s your email address?	You can email me at john@gmail.com				
How old are you?	Thirty-eight.				
I’m Thirty-eight years old.	When and where were you born?				
I was born in 1974 in London.	Are you married?				
No am single	Yes, I am married				
What’s your marital status?	I’m married.				
What do you do? or What’s your job?	I’m an English teacher.				
Where did you go ?	I went  shopping with a friend.				
What did you buy?	We bought some new clothes on sale.				
Where were you?	I was in London for the weekend.	I teach English at the High School.			
Have you got a car / job / house / etc.?	Yes, I’ve got a hatch back.				
Have you got a house?	No, I live in a flat.				
Have you got any children?	Yes, I’ve got three children – two boys and a daughter.				
Can you play tennis?	Yes, I can play Tennis.	Yes, I drive a sedan.			
Can you speak English?	No, I can’t speak Chinese.				
Could you speak English when you were five years old?	Yes, I could speak English when I was five years old.	No, not yet.			
How do you do?	How do you do. Pleased to meet you.	No, I play football.			
How are you?	Fine, thanks. And you?	Yes, I can. But I am not fluent, I am learning to speak English.			
How can I help you?	May I help you?	No, I couldn’t. English is not my native language.			
Can I try it on?	No thanks, I am just looking around.				
Have you got something bigger?	Sure, the changing rooms are over there.				
How much does it cost? How much is it?	Certainly, we’ve got  larger sizes as well.	Yes. I’m looking for a sweater.			
How would you like to pay?	This shirt is for 50$				
Can I pay by credit card?	Certainly. We accept all the major cards.				
What’s that?	It’s a smart watch.				
What time is it?	It’s one o’clock.	I would like to pay by cash.			
May I open the window?	Certainly. It’s very hot in the office today!				
Is there a bakery near here?	Yes. There is a bakery nearby, take the next corner and it’s next to the bank.				
Where is the nearest bank?	The nearest bank is on united street.				
Who wrote this article?	Michelle wrote this article “The Sun Also Rises”.				
Is there any rice?	Yes, there’s a lot of rice left.				
Are there any sandwiches?	No, there aren’t any sandwiches left.				
Is this your book?	No, I think it’s his book.				
Whose is that?	It’s Henry. My sisters fiance				
What do you like to do on weekends?	I like playing cricket, reading and listening to pop music.				
What does she look like?	She’s tall and slim with blonde hair.				
What would you like to eat?	I’d like a burger, chips and soda.				
What is it like?	It’s an interesting country many things to see and do.				
What’s the weather like?	It’s raining heavily at the moment.				
Would you like some coffee?	Yes, thank you. I’d like some coffee.				
Would you like something to drink?	Thank you. Could I have a cup of coffee and some cake?				
What’s it about?	It’s about a young girl who has many adventures.				
What do you think about this book?	I think the book is very interesting.				
Is it difficult to prepare for IELTS?	It’s not if your practice well.				
What are your views on Donald Trump as the America’s President?	That’s a good question, well I am speechless.				
How was the movie?	It was very interesting. You should watch it.				
How do you feel about Clara?	Clara is quite friendly and helpful.				
How about I pick you up at eight o’clock on my way to the airport?	Great. I’ll see you then.				
how about some lunch?	Yeah! Sure, I am hungry.				
Why don’t you take some time out and rest?	That’s a good idea.				
What shall we do this evening?	Let’s go see a movie.				
Why don’t we go out visit some old friends this afternoon?	Yes, that sounds like a great idea.				
In human body, which are the leg bones? 	Femur, Patella, Meta tarsal				
When the Vice-President acts as President he gets the emoluments of which post? 	President				
Which of the following is good nuclear fuel? 	Plutonium-239				
Wine production is mainly carried out in natural region? 	Mediterranean region				
By which plants is the maximum fixation of solar energy done? 	Green plants				
Which language was used in the literature of Sangam period? =	 Tamil				
The fragments of which comet system collided with Jupiter in July 1994? 	Shoemaker-Levy 9				
 What is the wavelength of visible spectrum? 	390 to 700 nm				
Who is popularly known as ‘Nightingale of India’? 	Sarojini Naidu				
Dr. M. S. Swaminathan distinguished himself in which field? 	Agriculture				
Who was the first Indian to be honoured with a lifetime achievement Oscar Award? 	Satyajit Roy				
Which book is entitled as ‘Bible of Communism’? 	Das Kapital				
Which hot and dry winds that help in the ripening or grapes in the Alps region? 	Foehn				
Which is the essential element in all organic compounds? =	 Carbon				
 If it is 4 P.M. on Monday at 150°W, what will be the time at 150°E? 	12 Noon on Tuesday				
In India, the concept of single citizenship is adopted from which country? =	 England				
Salts of which element pre vide colors to fireworks? 	Strontium and Barium (Barium Green color and Strontium red color)				
In metabolism, how enzymes act? 	As catalyst				
The National Housing Bank was set up in India as a wholly-owned subsidiary of which bank? 	Reserve Bank of India				
The term nishka, which meant an ornament in the Vedic period, was used in latertirnes, what did it denote? 	A coin				
Which are Tile earliest Buddhist literature that deal with the stories of the various birth of Buddha? =	 Jatakas				
What are the ‘Temperate lows’? 	Sub-polar low pressure belts				
Which is the oldest ‘stock exchange of India? 	Bombay Stock Exchange				
To suspect HIV/AIDS in a young individual, which symptom is mostly associated with? 	Chronic diarrhoea				
ORT (Oral Rehydration Therapy) is associated with the treatment of which disease? 	Diarrhoea				
Which is the chief industry of Afghanistan? =	 Carpet making				
Which was the Chola king who conquered the northern part of Sri Lanka and made it a province of his empire? 	Rajaraja				
Where is the largest automobile manufacturing centre in the world located? 	Detroit, Michigan USA				
Which was the most important factor in transforming ancient Indian society into feudal society? =	 Practice of land grants				
From where can a Member of Parliament claim immunity? 	From civil cases only				
Where are the Pustaz temperate grassland? 	Hungry				
Why did Muhammad-bin-Tughlaq transfer his capital from Delhi to Daulatabad? 	To control South India better				
Which animal resembles most to human beings in terms of physical and mental capabilities? 	Chimpanzee				
All the watches of a country are set according to which time? 	Standard time of the country				
How many PIN CODE Zone divided in the country? 	Eight				
By which impact is Nuclear fission is caused? 	Neutron				
Which was the first woman to climb Mount Everest?  	Junko Tabei, Japan				
How long did the Constituent Assembly take to finally pass the Constitution? 	2 Years 11 Months 17 Days				
What is the task of the Planning Commission? 	Preparation of the plan				
Automatic approval up to 51 % in the infrastructure safety was given in which year? 	1991 Industrial Policy				
By whom was the Bhakti Movement first organized? =	 Ramananda				
By whom was Insulin discovered? 	Dr. F G. Banting				
Which petroleum refinery product has the lowest boiling point? 	Gasoline				
Who was a lexicographer? 	Amarslrnha				
 In which state has India’s largest private sector sea port been commissioned? 	Krishnapatnam in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh				
What can be the maximum length of a cricket bat? 	32 Inches				
By whom was Gene first isolated? 	Hargobind Khurana				
In which policy India opted for ‘Mixed Economy’? 	Industrial Policy of 1948				
Which is considered to cause an adverse of effect on Indian monsoon? 	El-nino				
Which region does not receive much rainfall in the south-west monsoon season? 	Tamil Nadu coast				
Which country has the briefest Constitution in the world? 	USA				
What is the distance between popping crease and stumps on cricket pitch? =	 3 and a half feet				
By whom was the 'Shahnama' written? 	Firdausi				
By whom was the city of Agra founded in 1504? 	Sikandar Lodi				
Where will be the Time period in a vibration magnetometer infinite? =	 At magnetic pole				
Which technique can be used to establish the paternity of a child? 	Quantitative analysis of DNA				
Who is most famous for" the establishment of an elaborate system of municipal administration? 	Chandragupta Maurya				
What is the short upper part of the human intestine next to the stomach? 	Duodenum				
From which sector is the largest contribution in India’s National Income? 	Tertiary sector				
From which part of the plant is turmeric obtained? 	Stem				
Which is the State having the largest population of scheduled castes? 	Utter Pradesh				
Which is purest form of iron? 	Wrought iron				
In which region of India was the Suharawadi order of Sufism popular? 	Punjab and Sind				
Who was the Chairman of the Drafting Committee of the Indian Constitution? =	 B. R. Ambedkar				
Which is the longest national Highway in India? 	NH-7				
During which reign was the East India Company founded in London? 	Akbar				
Thick stems and thorny wax coated leaves are commonly found in which area? 	Deserts				
Who was known as ‘Lady with Lamp’? 	Florence Nightingale				
Saraswati Samman is given annually for outstanding contribution to which field? 	Literature				
Which mammal rolls itself into ball at the time of danger? 	Hedgehog				
Which State has the largest forest area? 	Madhya Pradesh				
When some detergent is added to water, what will be the surface tension? 	Increases				
Which is UN Programme and not special agency? 	UNEP (United Nations Environment Programme)				
Who propounded that ‘destiny determines everything, man is powerless? 	Ajivakas				
Which latitude passes through India? 	Tropic of Cancer				
What is the situation with increasing unemployment and inflation termed? 	Stagflation				
Which amendments accorded precedence to Directive Principle over Fundamental Rights? 	42nd Amendment 1976				
Which is the biggest lake in India? 	Chilka Lake				
How many chamber are found in the heart of frog? 	Three				
Which decade is celebrated as United Nations Decade for Women? =	 1976-1985				
Which Sanskrit poet called as the Indian Shakespeare? 	Kalidas				
Which Indian ruler established embassies in foreign countries. on modern lines? 	Tipu Sultan				
What was the original name of Tansen, the most famous musician at the court of Akbar? 	Ramatanu Pande				
Which agency has the power to declare any industrial unit as a potentially sick unit? 	BIFR (Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction, New Delhi)				
What is the number of unpaired electrons in carbon atom? 	Two				
When was the Indus Valley Civilization flourished? 	During 2500-1750 B.C				
 Port Blair - the capital of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, is located in which island? 	South Andaman				
The Karakoram Highway connects which pairs of countries? 	China-Pakistan				
Which Committee was formed to suggest means for eradicating black money? 	Chelliah Committee				
Which Indian revolutionary helped Subhash Chandra Bose in raising ‘Indian National Army’? 	Rasbehari Bose				
What are the main channels of our knowledge about the Indus Valley Civilization? 	Archaeological excavations				
Who firstly demonstrated experimentally the existence of electromagnetic wave? 	Hertz				
Which is not essentially a species of the Himalayan vegetation? 	Mahogany				
Which are the west-flowing rivers of southern Indian which flow into Arabian Sea? 	Narmada and Tapti				
Which crop would be preferred for sowing in order to enrich the soil with nitrogen? 	Gram				
Who is authorised to decide over a dispute regarding disqualification of a member of Parliament? 	President				
Sex determination of child is done by whose chromosome? 	Father				
Who was the President of the Constituent Assembly? 	Dr. Rajendra Prasad				
When is International Human Solidarity Day observed? 	20-Dec				
What is the effect of over secretion of hormone from pituitary gland? 	Increase growth in length				
The United Nations declared 2001 as which International Year? 	International Year of Volunteers				
Alpha-keratin is a protein present in which thing? 	Wool				
In which year did UN establish the UN Conference on Trade and Development? 	1964 (HQ: Geneva, Switzerland)				
By whom was Island of Bombay was given to the English Prince Charles II as dowry? 	Portuguese				
The UNESCO declared 2011 as which International Year? 	International Year of Chemistry				
Which saint name is associated with Shivaji? 	Ram Das				
Liquefied Petroleum Gas consists of mainly which gases? 	Methane, butane and propane				
‘Kandla’ situated on the Gulf of Kachchh is well known for which purpose? 	Export processing zone				
The mapping of which part of earth is most difficult? 	Interior of the Earth				
Where was the first session of the Constituent Assembly held? 	New Delhi				
Which of the following is used as ‘a moderator in nuclear reactor? 	Graphite				
Which Mahatma Gandhi series of currency notes issued by the RBI has “ecology” depicted on it? 	Rs. 100				
Which layer of the earth is believed to have the heaviest mineral materials of highest density? 	Central core				
In baseball, the two opposing teams consist of how many players? 	9 Players Each				
Comets revolve around which body? 	Sun				
Where was Shivaji crowned as an independent king? 	Raigarh				
Meghnad Saha is known for his contribution in which field? 	Physics				
Which part of cinchona plant yields quinine? 	Bark				
Which right conferred by the Constitution of India is also available to non-citizens? 	Freedom to speech				
In the Vedic society, which was the term used to denote a group of families? 	Grama				
In 1610, Galileo Galilei discovered four moons of which planet? 	Jupiter				
The improper function of which results in condition ‘Myxoedema’ in human beings? 	Thyroid Gland				
What was the source of the blue gem stone, lapis lazuli, for the people of Harappan culture? 	Afghanistan				
Who was the Chairman of the Union Constitution Committee of the Constituent Assembly? 	Jawaharlal Nehru				
Sachin Tendulkar scored his 100th international century against which country? 	Bangladesh				
Which element that does not occur in nature but can be produced artificially? 	Plutonium				
Which planet looks reddish in the night sky? 	Mars				
When had India a plan holiday? 	After the drought of 1966				
How are Latitude and Longitude? 	Perpendicular to each other				
Which Philosophy holds that the world is created and maintained by Universal Law? 	Jain Philosophy				
Who is the author of the book ‘The Rights of Man’? 	Thomas Paine				
Who was the last of the 24th Jain Tirthankaras? 	Mahavira				
Which state has the largest number of salt lakes in India? 	Rajasthan				
During which Plan did prices show a decline? 	First				
Total internal reflection of light is possible when light enters from which thing? 	Water to air (Dense to Rare Medium)				
When the Vice-President acts as President he gets the emoluments of which post? 	President				
What is considered as the easily digestible source of protein? 	Soyabean				
Which site, where Ashokan pillars exist, has the bull capital? 	Rampurva, Bihar				
Which port especially developed for exporting iron ore to Japan? 	Paradip, Orissa				
The book ‘Worshipping False Gods’ is written by which person? 	Arun Shourie				
Who has been awarded the Prem Bhatia Award for the year 2016? 	P Vaidyanathan Iyer (Journalism)				
Who is the chairman of 14th Finance Commission? 	Y.V. Reddy (2015-20)				
The Himalyas are approximately how many kilometer broad? 	150 to 400				
The unidirectional property of a pn-junction is useful for its use as which thing? 	Rectifier				
During India’s Freedom Struggle, which led to the first ‘All India Hartal’? 	Protest against Rowlatt Act				
Which animals have a diet mainly consisting of bamboo? 	Red Pandas				
Who was the first Indian Woman President of the Indian National Congress? 	Sarojini Naidu				
How many islands of India are located in the Bay of Bengal? 	204				
Thermal decomposition of alkanes is known as which name? 	Cracking				
Which energy of the electron at absolute zero is called? 	Fermi Energy				
 In ancient India, at where was the earliest capital of Magadha kingdom? 	Rajgir				
Which city is known as the ‘Manchester of South India’? 	Coimbatore				
 Amartya Sen, the NRI Nobel laureate got the honour for which work? 	Poverty and famines (Economics)				
The Government of India has decided to declare river as ‘National River’? 	Ganga				
What does the Preamble of our Constitution contain? 	The spirit of the Constitution				
Who is the leading wicket taker in the history of Test cricket? 	Muttiah Muralitharan				
Which Article of the Constitution of India makes a specific mention of Village Panchayats? 	Article 40				
How much of earth surface is covered by the forests? 	30 Percent				
The greatest threat to organisms and biodiversity in which process? 	Process of habitat loss				
“The best and bravest of the military leader of the rebels”- about whom was this said by Sir Hugh Rose? 	Rani of Jhansi				
Which plant is used for green manuring in India? 	Sunnhemp				
Where did India made her debut in Olympic football? 	London in 1948				
What is an essential attribute of inflation? 	Increase in prices				
Which oxyacid of halogen has maximum acidic nature? 	HClO (Hypochlorous acid) The chemical compound responsible for keeping our swimming pools clean and safe				
By whom was Shuddhi movement (conversion of non-Hindus to Hinduism) started? 	Swami Dayanand Saraswati				
Which Union Territory attained statehood in February, 1987? 	Goa				
Which Amendment of the Constitution of India deals with the issue of strengthening of the Panchayati Raj? 	73rd Amendment				
From when was the Zero Base Budgeting in India first experimented? 	Apr-87				
 What is most important reason for dwindling forest resources today? 	Over felling				
Which is the chief characteristics of wet and dry tropics? 	Constant heating				
Who was the Afghan ruler of India whose administrative system was emulated by the British? 	Sher Shah				
Where were first Olympic Games held? 	Olympia, Greece, in 776 BCE				
The source of India’s sovereignty lies in which thing? 	Preamble				
Which city is known for silk wearing industry? 	Kanchipuram				
Which Rajputa king defeated Muhammad Ghori for the first time? 	Prithviraj III				
The characteristic odour of garlic is due to: 	Sulphur containing Compound				
The ruler which was not invited to join the confederacy to fight against Vijaynagar in the battle of Talikota? 	Berar				
Where are Tapovan and Vishnugarh Hydroelectric Projects located? 	Uttarakhand				
In absence of ribosome in cell which function does not takes place? 	Protein synthesis				
To whom does the Public Accounts Committee submit its report? 	The Speaker of the Lok Sabha				
With which river is the Omkareshwar Project associated? 	Narmada				
Who was the last ruler of the Tughlaq dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate? 	Nasir-ud-din-Mahmud				
If a bar magnet is cut length wise into 3 parts, what will the total number of poles be? 	Six				
The Issue Department of the RBI maintain a against printing of notes. 	Minimum Reserve System				
Among South Asian countries which one is the Maternal Mortality Ratio (per 1,000 live births) lowest? 	Bangladesh				
Rotation of the earth causes deflection of wind by which force? 	Coriolis force				
Rupee was devalued by what percent in July 1991? 	20%				
Temporary hardness of water is due to the presence of which thing? 	Magnesium bicarbonate				
Forced Saving Refers to 	Reduction of consumption consequent to a rise in price				
Which type of forest exhibits highest bio-diversity? 	Tropical rain forest				
Which tissue take part in healing the wounds? 	Epithelium tissue				
What is the state the main activity associated with the fold mountain? 	Earthquakes				
The United Nations declared 2010 as which International Year of? 	Rapprochement of Cultures, Biodiversity 2016: International Year of Pulses 2017: International Year of Sustainable Tourism for Development				
Which transition metal is in liquid state? 	Mercury				
Regatta is associated with which sports event? 	Rowing				
Which Rashtrakuta ruler established a victory pillar in Rameshwaram? 	Krishna III				
What is the mean of Invisible Export? 	Export of Services				
Which energy do not have the problem of pollution? 	Solar				
When was the Madras State renamed Tamil Nadu? 	1969				
Whose tomb is ‘Biwi Ka Maqbara’? 	Aurangzeb’s wife (Dilras Banu Begum)				
The resolution for removing the Vice-President of India can be moved in which House? 	Rajya Sabha alone				
In the human body, Cowper’s glands form a part of which system? 	Reproductive system				
During which reign was Kalidasa lived? 	Chandragupta II				
Which is a global biodiversity hotspot in India? 	Western Ghats				
When was the Rolling plan designed? 	1978-83				
 What is the term as the drainage pattern developed on folded sedimentary rocks? 	Trellis				
What is a suitable unit for expressing electric field strength? 	N/C				
Who organised a Maratha confederacy against the English leading to the Third Anglo Maratha War? 	The Peshwa				
What is the name of the person that controls a football match? 	An umpire				
Which woman has become the highest individual scorer in an innings in Tests? 	Kiran Baloch (PAK 2003)				
Which air pollutant affect the nervous system of man? 	Lead				
Sirajuddaulah was defeated by Lord Clive in which battle? 	Plassey (1757)				
Which region of India was ruled by Sultan Zainul Abidin? 	Kashmir				
Which is the vitamin that is most readily manufactured in our bodies? 	Vitamin D				
What can be the maximum duration of totality for a solar eclipse? 	7 minutes 40 seconds				
What is the total surface area of earth? 	510 Million square kilometres				
The celebrated novel ‘The Godfather’ was authored by which author? 	Mario Puzo				
What is the best means of saving during inflation? 	Money				
The celebrated novel ‘The Godfather’ was authored by which author? =	Mario Puzo				
What does M3 include? 	M1 + T.D				
How type of right is Right to Information? 	part of fundamental rights under Article 19(1) of the Constitution				
Which foreign country is closest to Andarnan Islands? 	Myanmar				
Which is the country with the highest density of population in Europe? 	Netherlands				
Which Rajput dynasties did not surrender to Akbar? 	Sisodiya				
Who was the first person to cross the Alps with army? 	Hannibal				
How type of right is Right to Information? 	part of fundamental rights under Article 19(1) of the Constitution				
Which is used as a coolant in nuclear reactors? 	Liquid sodium				
Which Part of plant is important for the life cycle of plant? 	Flower				
Under the leadership of which Guru did the Sikh become a political and military force? 	Guru Govind Singh				
What is meant by ‘Underwriting’, the term frequently used in financial sector? 	Under valuation of the assets.				
Which Mughal emperor gave land for the construction of the Golden Temple at Amritsar? 	Akbar				
‘Caldera’ is a feature associated with which thing? 	Volcanoes				
What does Oxidation involve? 	Loss of electrons				
Which instrument is used for recording earthquake waves? 	Seismograph				
 How many subjects are in the Union list? 	97 subjects				
Which is an insectivorous plant? 	Pitcher plant				
Which is a land-locked country? 	Zimbabwe				
 We cannot see during a fog. why? 	Because of scattering of light				
Which situation makes a firm most efficient? 	Lowest average costs				
Silk textiles are mainly produced in which countries? 	China and India				
The Portuguese traveller, Nuniz visited Vijayanagar during the reign of which ruler? 	Achyuta Raya				
 Leukaemia or blood cancer is characterised by abnormal increase of which cells? 	White blood cells				
Which type of coal is difficult to light in the open air? 	Peat				
With which the executive power relating to concurrent subjects remain? 	The Centre				
Which decisive battle was fought during the Third Carnatic War between the English and the French? 	Wandiwash 1760				
Which plant is referred to as a living fossil? 	Gingko (also known as Maidenhair tree)				
Coolgardie lies in the Australian province of which direction? 	Western Australia				
The ruler of which State was removed from power by the British on the pretext of miss-governance? 	Awadh				
Which gave an impetus to the growth of militant nationalism on a widespread scale? 	Partition of Bengal				
 A ship met with an accident at 30°E and 35°N. Where was the ship was sailing? 	Mediterranean Sea				
With which field was Satyajit Ray associated? 	Direction of films				
From the view of International economy, what does third World imply? 	The developing countries				
Why was the Panchayati Raj System adopted? 	Decentralise the power of democracy				
Gum Gopi Krishna was a maestro of which dance form? 	Kathak				
In colourful diamond, why are different colours present? 	Due to impurities				
 How long did the Constituent Assembly take to finally pass the Constitution? 	About 3 years since Dec 9, 1946 (2 years 11 months 17 days)				
By which committee were Mandai Panchayats recommended? 	Ashok Mehta Committee				
What will be If a pendulum clock be taken from the earth to a revolving artificial satellite? 	It will stop altogether				
From where did the Quit India Movement start? 	Bombay on Aug. 8, 1942				
Which physical quantities have the same dimensions? 	Momentum and impulse				
What is the country through which both Equator and Tropic of Capricorn pass? =	 Brazil				
Which city is associated with the river Mekong? 	Phnom-Penh				
What was the rate of land revenue as 'given in the dharma shastras? =	 1/6				
The Lok Sabha is called in session for at least how many times in a year’? 	Thrice				
In which country was Buddhism first propagated outside India? 	Sri lanka				
Which type of forest covers the maximum area in India? 	Tropical moist deciduous forest				
When can the salaries of High Court judges be reduced? 	During a Financial Emergency				
Which shipyard is known for the manufacture of bargets, coasters and dredgers? 	Garden Reach Shipyard				
Who was well-known patron of the Mahayana of Buddhism? =	 Kanishka				
The Matatila multipurpose project is located in which state? 	Uttar Pradesh				
Queen’s berry Rules’ is the name. give to the rules in which game? 	Boxing				
The Matatila multipurpose project is located in which state? 	Uttar Pradesh				
Who authored the Tamil epic 'Silappadikaram'? 	Ilango Adigal				
Which provides the largest part of the demand for loanable funds in India? =	 Corporate businesses				
Jaspal Rana is a distinguished athlete in which game? 	Shooting				
What did the name ‘Ratnakara’ denoted in ancient Indian historical geography? 	The Indian Ocean				
By whom the concept of survival of the fittest as advanced? 	Herbert Spencer				
There is no net transfer of energy by the particles of the medium in which waves? 	Stationary waves				
Moho discontinuity lies at the depth of approximately how many kilometers? 	400 km				
S. Vijaya Lakshmi and Nisha Mohita are associated with which game? 	Chess				
What is reduction of oxide with carbon at high temperature called? 	Smelting				
From the evolutionary point of view, which is the most primitive animal? 	Turtle				
If the cash-reserve ratio is lowered by the Central bank, what will be its effect on credit creation? =	 Increase				
Which is the highest plateau in the world? 	Pamir Plateau (Roof of the World)				
Heating pyrites in air to remove sulphur is known as which name? 	Roasting				
Which atmospheric layer that reflects radio waves is called? 	inosphere				
How many gold medals did India win at the XIth Asian Games? 	One (Beijing, China 1990)				
When did the last female Alpine ibex disappear in France? 	2000				
Where can the report of the UPSC discussed? 	In Parliament before being accepted				
To whom is the resignation letter of a State Public Service Commission member addressed? 	Governor				
What is the main source of revenue to meet different expenditures? 	Internal borrowings				
Purification of petroleum is carried out by which method? 	Fractional distillation				
Which game is Davis Cup associated with? 	Tennis				
Conversion of chemical energy into electrical energy occurs in which thing? 	Battery				
 What is a line on a map which joins places having the same rainfall called? 	Isohyet				
 How is Manimekalai is looked? 	As the Odyssey of Tamil				
Which Gupta king is famous for his courageous stand against the Hunas? =	 Skanda Gupta				
At what level does the Natura 2000 network operate? 	European				
To which work is Devichandraguptam related? 	Chandra Gupta II				
 Equatorial forest of the Amazon basin is known as by which name? 	Selvas				
By whom are the Chief Justice and other Judges of the High Court are appointed? 	President				
In order of their distances from the Sun, which planet lie between Mars and Uranus? 	Jupiter and Saturn				
Which Indian origin immigrants became the Governor of Louisiana province of the USA in 2007? 	Bobby Jindal				
In an atom the order of filling up of the orbitals is governed by which principle? 	Aufbau principle				
Which Directive Principle of State Policy has NOT been implemented so far? 	Uniform civil code for the citizens				
Sufi Kalam, a type of devotional music, is the characteristic of which state? 	Kashmir				
Who is the author of the famous novel ‘Gone with the Wind’? 	Charles Dickens				
What is Microsoft Excel?	Microsoft Excel is an electronic spreadsheet application that enables users to store, organize, calculate and manipulate the data with formulas using a spreadsheet system broken up by rows and columns.	 It also provides the flexibility to use an external database to do analysis, make reports, etc. thus saving lots of time.			
What is ribbon?	Ribbon refers to the topmost area of the application that contains menu items and toolbars available in MS-Excel.	 Ribbon can be shown/hidden using CTRL+F1.	 The ribbon runs on the top of the application and is the replacement for the toolbars and menus. 	The ribbons have various tabs on the top, and each tab has its own group of commands.	
Explain Spreadsheet and its Basics.	Spreadsheet can be compared to a paper ledger sheet.	It consists of rows and columns and their intersection called cells.			
How many data formats are available in Excel? Name some of them.	Eleven data formats are available in Microsoft Excel for data Storage.	Number – Stores data as a number.	Currency – Stores data in the form of currency.	Date – Data is stored as dates.	Percentage – Stores numbers as a percentage.
Specify the order of operations used for evaluating formulas in Excel.	The order of operations in Microsoft Excel is same as in standard mathematics. 	It's defined by the term "PEMDAS" or "BEDMAS".			
How can you wrap the text within a cell?	You must select the text you want to wrap, and then click wrap text from the home tab and you can wrap the text within a cell.				
Explain Macro in MS-Excel.	Macros are used for iterating over a group of tasks.	Users can create macros for their customized repetitive functions and instructions.	Macros can be either written or recorded depending on the user.		
Which are the two macro languages in MS-Excel?	XLM and VBA (Visual Basic Applications).	Earlier versions of Excel used XLM.	VBA was introduced in Excel 5 and mostly used now.		
Is it possible to prevent someone from copying the cell from your worksheet?	Yes, it is possible.	To protect your worksheet from getting copied, you need to go into Menu bar >Review > Protect Sheet > Password. 	By entering a password, you can secure your sheet from getting copied by others.		
What are charts in MS-Excel?	To enable graphical representation of the data in Excel, charts are provided. 	A user can use any chart type, including column, bar, line, pie, scatter, etc. 	by selecting an option from Insert tab's Chart group.		
How can you sum up the Rows and Column number quickly in the Excel sheet?	By using SUM function, you can get the total sum of the rows and columns, in an Excel worksheet.				
Explain few useful functions in Excel.	Following are the functions available in Excel for manipulating the data.				
What does a red triangle at the top right of a cell indicate?	The red triangle indicates that some comment is associated with the cell.	Hover the mouse over it, and you can read the full comment.			
How can you add a new Excel worksheet?	To add a new Excel worksheet, you should insert worksheet tab at the bottom of the screen.				
What is the use of NameBox in MS-Excel?	Name Box is used to return to a particular area of the worksheet by typing the range name or cell address in the name box.				
How can you resize the column?	To resize the column, you should change the width of one column and then drag the boundary on the right side of the column heading till the width you want.	 The other way of doing it is to select the Format from the home tab, and in Format you have to select AUTOFIT COLUMN WIDTH under cell section. 	On clicking on this, the cell size will get formatted.		
Explain pivot tables and its uses.	A pivot table is a tool that allows for quick summarization of large data. 	It automatically performs a sort, count, total or average of the data stored in the spreadsheet and displays result in another spreadsheet. It saves a lot of time. 	Allows to link external data sources to our Excel.		
What are three report formats that are available in Excel?	Following are the types of report formats				
How would you provide a Dynamic range in "Data Source" of Pivot Tables?	To provide a dynamic range in "Data Source" of Pivot tables, first, create a named range using offset function and base the pivot table using a named range created in the first step.				
Is it possible to make Pivot table using multiple sources of data?	If the multiple sources are different worksheets, from the same workbook, then it is possible to make Pivot table using multiple sources of data.				
Which event do you use to check whether the Pivot Table is modified or not?	To check whether the pivot table is modified or not we use "PivotTableUpdate" in worksheet containing the pivot table.				
How can you disable automatic sorting in pivot tables?	To disable automatic sorting in pivot tables:	Go To > More Sort Options > Right Click 'Pivot tables' > Select 'sort menu' > select 'More Options' > deselect 'Sort automatically'.			
What is Freeze Panes in MS-Excel?	To lock any row or column, freeze panes is used. 	The locked row or column will be visible on the screen even after we scroll the sheet vertically or horizontally.			
What could you do to stop the pivot table from loosing the column width upon refreshing?	Format loss in a pivot table can be stopped simply by changing the pivot table options. 	Under the "Pivot Table Options" turn on the "Enable Preserve Formatting" and disable "Auto Format" option.			
Explain workbook protection types in Excel.	Excel provides three ways to protect a workbook:	Password protection for opening a workbook.	Protection for adding, deleting, hiding and unhiding sheets.	Protection from changing size or position of windows.	
Explain the difference between SUBSTITUTE and REPLACE function in MS-Excel?	The SUBSTITUTE function substitutes one or more instances of old text with the new text in a string.				
Difference between COUNT, COUNTA, COUNTIF and COUNTBLANK in Ms-Excel.	COUNT is used to count cells containing numbers, dates, etc. any value stored as number excluding blanks.				
What is IF function in Excel?	To perform the logic test IF function is performed. It checks whether certain conditions is true or false. 	If the condition is true, then it will give result accordingly if the condition is false then the result or out-put will be different.	Example: For example, you select the cell, and you want to display that cell as "Greater than five," when value is true (=5 or 5) and "less than five" when value is false (<5). 	For that by using IF condition you can display result.	
Can we create shortcuts to Excel functions?	Yes. 'Quick Access Toolbar' above the home button can be customized to display most frequently used shortcuts.				
What is the use of LOOKUP function in Excel?	In Microsoft Excel, the LOOKUP function returns a value from a range or an array.				
How can you apply the same formatting to every sheet in a workbook in MS-Excel?	Right Click 'Worksheet tab' > Choose 'Select All Sheets'. 	Now any formatting done will be applied to the whole workbook.	 To apply to a particular group of sheets, select only those sheets that need formatting.		
What are left, right, fill and distributed alignments?	Left /Right alignment align the text to left and right most of the cell.	Fill as the name suggests, fill the cell with same text repetitively.	Distributed, spread the text across the width of the cell.		
To move to the previous worksheet and next sheet, what keys will you press?	To move to the previous worksheet, you will use the keys Ctrl + PgUp, and to move to the next sheet you will use keys Ctrl + PgDown.				
What filter will you use, if you want more than two conditions or if you want to analyze the list using database function?	You will use Advanced Criteria Filter, to analyze the list or if more than two conditions should be tested.				
What is the quick way to return to a particular area of a worksheet?	The quick way to return to a specific area of the worksheet is by using name box. 	You can type the cell address or range name in name box to return to a specific area of a worksheet.			
Which function is used to determine the day of the week for a date?	WEEKDAY () returns the day of the week for a particular date counting from Sunday.				
What is the benefit of using formula in Excel sheet?	Calculating the numbers in Excel sheet, not only help you to give the final 'sum up' of the number but, it also calculates automatically the number replaced by another number or digit. 	Through Excel sheet, the complex calculations become easy like payroll deduction or averaging the student's result.			
What is the "What If" condition in Excel formulas?	The "What If" condition is used to change the data in Microsoft Excel formulas to give different answers.	You are buying a new car and want to calculate the exact amount of tax that will be levied on it then you can use the "What If" function. For instance, there are three cells A4,B4, and C4. First cell says about the amount, the second cell will tell about the percentage (7.5%) of tax and the final cell will calculate the exact amount of tax.			
How can you disable the automating sorting in pivot tables?	To disable the automating sorting in pivot tables, Go to > "More Sort Options"> Right Click "Pivot table" > Select "Sort" menu > Select "More Options" > Deselect the "Sort automatically when the report is created."				
What is the AND function does in Excel?	Like IF function, AND function also does the logical function. 	To check whether the output will be true or false the AND function will evaluate at least one mathematical expression located in another cell in the spreadsheet. 	If you want to see the output of more than one cells in a single cell, it is possible by using AND function.	Example: If you have two cells, A1 and A2, and the value you put in those two cells are >5 and you want result should display as 'TRUE' in cell B1 if value>5, and 'False' if any of those values<5. 	You can use AND function to do that.
How cell reference is useful in the calculation?	In order to avoid writing the data again and again for calculating purpose, cell reference is used. When you write any formula, for specific function, you need to direct Excel the specific location of that data. 	This location is referred as, cell reference.	So, every time a new value added to the cell, the cell will calculate according to the reference cell formula.		





